[Music]
and we have to get in
I had it silenced
[Music]
that I had you pointed out
also
[Music]
had us muted okay I opened the
chat as long as people behave
If people don't behave well, I'll do it again.
close ok
Well, how are you?
[Music]
how are you?
You can see it and hear it as if they threatened you.
ardala well then I will see it today with
the gossip
I'll be watching it today in the gossip
[Music]
Good family
new microphone not new everything everything
new everything new everything but the microphone doesn't
I know if it sounds very good, I think so, no
I think I can set it up so that
so that it is better now you are showing
wrinkles yes Now I'm going to have to
put a little bit of motorcycle because with
so much quality let's go
kleptos Thank you very much
With so much quality I can't even think of
bring dirty teeth
[Music]
the students do not fall that moon falls
That light does not fall on us, family.
spotlights do not fall, they are tied to the table
These spotlights won't fall on us
I come a little without voice because I come from the
Your Honor, I've been here for about five hours today.
live in the Lordship
the camera is at a high zoom
you can't put the camera any further away
It can't be put any further
I can't do anything else
you changed clothes with the previous one
directly he was not wearing the vest it is high
of
The focus looks very bad, I see it
not up close
that you want it further away
further no no
Let's see, I look very strange because I look
too real
I also tell you
It lacks a bit of focus
Ah because it has the focus on the arm
from the very good microphone
that's great
clear
Of course if I remove the microphone it looks better and
What do I do? How do I fix that?
How do I fix that because the microphone
I have here
how can I fix it
manual focus
and if I put it manually
first
how do I put it manual second
let's see
I want to feel your body now
now
not now
you can already see the [ __ ] mother
Well, I can turn up the light more.
That is, the light here is graduated
the light the light the gradual the what you
Let the light come out of your dick, let's see, let's see
but I see it well like this, eh, light eh A
see
If it's perfect, eh?
attend now, crazy
that's how crazy he is
But yes, that will happen to the micro many times.
Sometimes I don't have to leave it I without
find out
Wow, he looks crazy and I'm not even here.
seeing I wouldn't have it. Let's see, I want to see myself.
I'm going to open my own live stream to watch
how I look
It looks amazing, right?
My goodness, how does this look?
It looks amazing, I'm sure it can be done.
configure even better
Damn, but here I'm going to have to
makeup every day No, well here it is
He sees all my imperfections, not her.
bad face
medium so I can move I'm going to have surgery
the bags under the eyes above, uncle
They tell me that you [ __ ] the bags and the
I'm also going to have my nose operated on.
So now Javi sees 4k now he sees I don't know
Yes, I don't know if it can be seen in 4k, man.
I imagine that in four you can almost see it
but what the [ __ ] are we doing?
gossip karmaro kids
a bit
calmed down a bit what we are doing
Gossip is okay. In fact, I'm going to record now.
Let's see this, I'm going to see something about Aura.
We are going to see this like this without chat because
no chat because I'm going to record for the
main now I'm going to record for the
main now okay sorry
try not to give me my mother
[Music]
What does this look like guys? This looks like this.
incredible
It's that before the camera was at 30
now it's full 60 likes now it's
full 60
records in four boxes and well I don't know if
I'll be able to record four kids, my goodness.
Why would my pimples be visible?
It is recorded in four streets and will be seen
the pimple uncle
So it goes crazy Well I'm going to record a
video to participate while going
people coming in is worth it
very good that my kids pass by
Welcome one more day to my channel.
Javier Oliveira and if you don't know me, well
nothing nice to meet you I'm Javi I give you the
hand subscribe subscribe son of the
big [ __ ] subscribe okay subscribe And
Give it a like without watching the video, that's a
abuse no I mean like asking for
Give it a Like without watching the video much
fabric but well subscribe yes
subscribe here you always find out about
all the salseros of all the movements
Ok today I'm going to upload a video with my face
in 4k so they can complain to me now
Gameplay
I will record the videos every day as I
whatever you want, forget about removing it now.
Well, we've already left it, we've left it.
cut what interests you and take what
You might be interested because I'm going to edit this.
immediately It turns out that well already
You know, you don't need much context. This
It's one more chapter This is an episode
more of the chocas anime if you want
follow the complete series You have it in
my channels will have gone up as a total
of
50-60 videos of the quietly crashing No
I haven't been able to tell it, it would be impossible not to
I have time to tell that
It turns out that in the last video that
we go up
and in the penultimate one too
This is like a thematic channel of Choco
not lately, I mean, okay, tomorrow I have
to upload a video other than the chocas
It turns out that in the last and in the
The second to last video we uploaded was
talking about how crashes justified their
words towards auronplay like this
saying that he did not want to belittle
the work of these two but I wanted
give yourself a medal
thing that was not going to thing that was not going to
agreement something that was not in agreement with
what the tweet said because really in
the tweet was actually belittling the
work of the other two saying how
that El Triunfo had less merit than
They had Auronplay eBay with Ibai no
I understand this justification because I was going and
It's not from YouTube Then it's not
I understand but I wasn't there
belittling their work but
that was
meditating on yours, pay attention to that, eh?
Notice that's what the family justified themselves with.
telling him that no, I have said that
They are not a revelation because it is still very
famous does not have the same merit as me
that I come from nowhere and Bye If in the
same tweets from auron were
referring to ibai ibai was born on Twitch
No, I mean, ibai was born on Twitch.
directly good the case not only
has responded to auronplay and has
pasted a newspaper back into the
snout but also the snout itself
Vegeta has hit him
That is to say, it is hardly an option as
put the effect of the host success
my father removes bugs
Vegetta77 if Vegeta tells me something I
I'll shut up if Vegeta tells me
something I shut up immediately let's go
see what he said
[Music]
what are you doing
Ah, I'm not going to see it here.
I see it here too, I see it here too.
here for what army
I'm going to put it here for the army to use.
water in quality is worth
If you silence this part of the live show
Well
In Venezuela, almost all of us lose power.
the days about 4 hours even now
I don't have it for sure you saw that
Dross is doing live streams on Twitch
Greetings from doing live shows in
Twitch
very well but why auronplay where is it
puts the arm auronplay so that
the bus arrived here because it was
seeing that it has the same
microphone and the same cable is valid because
That comes with the mic but the arm
has as very high or sits in the
floor or I don't understand it, okay, it's that before
I was thinking I'll see how he has it
put auron so that it comes out here
over there but it is very high
I mean, I can't put that up there.
there's no way he has to have an arm
which is a crane, that is, it has one on
microphone crane or what
Dross good good starts good
The response begins with this donation
in which someone is warning him how
If one hadn't known, one would have found out
that two are doing live streams on Twitch
and it's not going badly at all, the truth is it's not
Bad With the little time that it has not been done, it is not
It's not going badly. There are days when it's 12 or 13
14 I even think close to 20,000
spectators many days are doing
Again, the same as always, Dross is fine.
doing his two minutes of live there
your ball will be like an hour or two ago when
It is put, I don't know if every day, that is already
I don't know, I think it will be two or three
times a week and then cut the
extracts and uploads it to his channel
secondary to the two to the blogs of
Dross uncles we are playing there talking
and things are not going badly for others, to be honest.
It's going pretty well for him I think I've seen it
sometimes with 15-20,000 people on Twitch
You know what that costs, I'm already
Imagining where they are going to go
shots that do not family
You know what it costs to have 15 or 20,000
people on Twitch and eye
I'm going to rewind it for you because it has been
put there wrong so that you can succeed
well areas on Twitch You know what
it costs that much
You know what it costs to have 15 or 20,000
people on Twitch and watch out what you do
son of a [ __ ]
How disgusting this block really is
Hala Thank you very much for renewing
Forgive me for not getting out of this now
but I'm recording for the main one
What a disgusting [ __ ] building, man, what is it?
look bad or with the helicopter that
I have bought a family computer. I already have it.
that it looks bad is success Sorry is
We follow 2000 people on Twitch.
you know what that costs
You know what it costs to have 15 or 20,000
people on Twitch and eye
Many people will think, well, it is a
famous youtuber Excuse me, let me tell you
Tell me something. There are very youtubers.
celebrities who have come to Twitch and
have seen 100 people not because it is a
Famous YouTuber, you're going to succeed on Twitch.
I have seen many people who have a
lots of views on YouTube
and then they're on Twitch with 150
viewers worth it
I don't know why I don't understand the logic
because I understand that if you are
promoting you on your channel I understand
that people are going to see you
I don't know, but I've always said so.
I have always said that everything has its own
I tried yours on Twitch
and I was there for a month and a bit and I don't know
Eugenio pulla Eugenio Claro This is
something that looks like I take advantage of this moment
to say it because it is also
important to take advantage of this moment to
say it because you have it here from the other
Choco Day, that is, Auronplay, I think.
sincerely
Thank you so much
I think auronplay directly
I should speak if I were auronplay
I would open a channel to talk about
all Well actually no he doesn't
needs, doesn't need it, doesn't want to live
more calm but if I were to go someday
auronplay I would answer everything to me
It would be the same to be Aurora Play and have
100,000 viewers have 200,000 or so
that it is surely auronplay saw what
He said he crashed because in fact it cost me
bastard Play man let's see who follows me
I imagine that you will see some video by
gossip to find out no And above all
These viral topics as much as they have
been Del choca Then yes or yes auron
you will know what he has been saying
you crash in these last days For the
so much when he has heard the [ __ ]
that the choca has said that he does not
Auron's work was undervalued
He simply said that he has less
merit is that nothing more than the phrase
I'm feeling like an idiot for replying to it
that he did not want to belittle or
to discredit Auron's work but
say that it has less merit because it is already
he was famous
Well, this guy must have said auron.
I'll answer you [ __ ] and you have it
saved and has saved it and has taken
on the fly the first opportunity that comes
has given him
I've already said it in these videos
before me the impression that it gives me
both on one side and the other
puts each other in a good light but that
You can't see each other, I think they collide.
He is very jealous, and not in a healthy way.
to auronplay and would like to remove it and
have what he has
Starting with charisma Starting with
bastard Play can have 300,000
spectators talking to you about the air in a
pipe bag
and that one does not find it funny to crash
nor that he doesn't hit hard
because auron is in Light mode
in a cordial manner but you can tell from the auron
that no, that the choca doesn't enter him
Of course, there are very famous people on YouTube already.
non-Spanish Americans who have
millions have then come to Twitch and no
They have had a lot of audience This is something
that the Dross case may occur is
distinct
Whoever tells me that he doesn't have
merit that people put themselves to this
guy with that hair color
I mean, because the [ __ ] has happened to your hair
This child has been treated with hydrogen peroxide
or what the hell did he do because
has copper-colored hair
and you're going to make a joke but I'm not going to do it
because it comes out on me that I had
A very good joke happened but it was a
The joke was a little black.
Don't put that, that's it, it was a little bit
black the joke about copper and
I was going to tell him about selling copper and things like that.
Why Because well because people
He likes his jazzings of course No, no, of course
Being a famous YouTuber, you have Twitch
insured and come to win millions that
It is in fact a very strong point that we
has been talking about these days is that
There are many people who are good at doing
edited videos but they are not good for
direct, that is, this is not to belittle
Nobody, there are many people who are like that.
many people who are good for videos
edited because it is being recorded little by little
little because he repeats because I don't know what and
He's good at reading a script or whatever.
but then in a live show it doesn't even have
quick thinking to come up with ideas
things or because it is simply not worth it
you don't feel comfortable in a live performance
lots of people
that goes you can have many
views on YouTube but then
You come to Twitch and people don't see you.
It can happen, it is something very common, it happens
It happens a lot in fact
but this is not the case with Dross, Dross has
came to Twitch and very well 15 or 20,000
people a real madness for a
a guy who talks for an hour seems to me
a barbarity very well to see Dross
It is also true that it has a lot
charisma and Dross relaxes me
even if he's talking about a skunk to me
It relaxes me and I think that like me
It happens to a lot of people the same way. It's nice.
listen to Dross even if he is talking about
What you ate today seems to me
pleasant
and I think that's why it works so I
I'm happy for him, very well
This last thing is worth nothing, army
Ramn Today is the day
In the life of the hocas only he deserves alone
He knows only he gets it and only he doesn't
the ego enters his body
Thanks to whoever, I don't see you now.
I'm recording right now, okay, let's see.
What did Vegeta say, let's go
see what Vegeta has said
Aurora is very Light in her line not a
little in plan I answer you but I don't
I answer
I would have answered him directly and
more forceful and clearer you know although
be like that a little with good manners
How did this day happen that he hit him?
newspaper as we call it now no
but I would have answered him
directly or precisely because
refers to and answers this question
the numbers because it comes from YouTube and
that when you are famous, it can go well for you
well in your son you can't do well
I answered "choke." I mean, it's not even
a hint I would consider it
a completely direct one, that is, after
that he says that every day
next you know with this he is
responding to the crash and not responding
directly, [ __ ] him hard
that really bothers someone who
Dismo, let's see what he said
Vegeta Then I have no plans
retire because at least for now
Know
I have fun just like I do.
Lately on Twitch it seems that it is
Speaking of retiring, not retiring, well
This is something that is talked about a lot
among the big streamers not those people
They probably already have enough money to live on.
calm all my life I calculate
approximately what auron will have between
10 and 20 million euros saved in
the bank and I'm not exaggerating. If not
you have because you have lived a long time in
Spain and has given a lot to the country, let's go
leave it like that
but I already told you, that is, how much
you need to live a person already with
30 years old person needs money
30 years with which he has 3 million that he
You will have insurance saved now, calm down, no longer.
It depends on the level you want, of course.
if you want to live like in the most Or if
you want to live like a normal person and
current that auron is seen that he does not
spends a lot
He's going to let me follow him, he's going to give me a
follow but but it is to spend little is
to spend a little good
lately on Twitch if you look there
As I get the feeling it is the same
my perception
and these people are no longer Vegeta Vegeta Auron
I know that these people already do it because they
also likes to do it well auron because
He likes to do it, I don't know why, too.
He has gone to Andorra because he wants more
maximum possible game that ends knows
that it is totally legitimate for me to have
I wouldn't be here if I weren't Father of
family and had what I would not be here
here or rather this is what you already told us
You can imagine that it is always talked about
talk and talk and talk but until
you are not involved you do not realize
what lives here with the subject of the
taxes and self-employed people are fine
I was saying
I was saying that I don't know who has me
spoken when I bought a third one
monkey here exactly identical to
notifications but now I have to
get used to Look sky sky sky me
It just came out there 17 months in Latin America
Thank you heaven and I'm wrong
but my way of seeing it from the outside and my
Subjective vision It is that people in
Twitch has been competing lately
not very much in the plan of let's see who it is
number one to see who is the best
see who I don't know what competing I don't know
I'm competing and I see the crash. That's me.
when I'm working man let's see
you always aspire to more and always get thrown out
a look at other people's numbers
how are you doing, what is working for you, what is not working for you
works for you try it for no
try these business plans
point and ball business tactics
business and so on but as much as
compete with me for example, I don't
takes away from eating that other channels of
gossip also upload video and that
go well, I mean, I don't care if I'm the one
number that the number 5 that the number 6
in the gossip while I have it
I don't know if I have 20 million
visits in the last month Well, look if he
It goes better to another because it suits him well. But
as long as I have blinking, I
It has been the same many times we have been
the first on YouTube for whatever reason And
Before there were no tweets as such, that is to say
Of course, and I've never said I'm number one.
clear
Whoever you are, I'm not number one, Willy.
He said I am number one, no, I don't think so.
that we are a very different style or
less me than there is on Twitch today
today for example and I like how I do it
things Hey, besides, it's that normally
What I realized when I tried it
of going to Twitch is that
If your audience is from YouTube, your audience
It's from YouTube, it's worth starting on Twitch.
It may go well but it's like you don't start
from 0000 absolutely but for example
I, my audience, yes, it is true that no
I started from scratch on Twitch but
It doesn't go the same way for me as on YouTube when
we are here on YouTube we usually have I
that I know
2000 3000 and on Twitch Yes in the game of
I had a lot of squid, I had five or six thousand
viewers in each episode but without
However, the normal days of gossip
1800 you know it's why you have to go
growing little by little there in the people
that uses Twitch because there will be
audience that uses tweets and people who
use YouTube does not start from scratch but
With fewer people you do not guarantee winning
Well, people, there are more people, perfect.
more people chapo depends on the clear game
that is to say
It depends on the game, it depends on many
factors because thinking that I played
a lot of different games then someone
that you can follow me on fortnite is not going to
have
wwe2k22 which is a great game of course
The same thing happens with the gossip they depend on
the topics No, I, for example, with the
Themes that I grew up with were more about wismichu
Dallas and stuff and when are those
I am the one who has the most topics but without
however when they are other topics
There are other people who have grown more with
those topics, that is, like, well, yeah, anyway
very soft, very soft the answer
For my taste I would have answered him
more directly
Vegeta I imagine that since he is not the
alluded to
Vegeta I imagine hasn't answered
more forceful because it is not the one alluded to
the words and the
Chocas's offenses but Auron has
very soft state very soft you don't have
why cling to a hint or a hint
answer with a second answer or to be sent
a donation you can hold on to
to answer to hit him with a saskatchewan
your mouth if you feel like saying something to him
You tell someone and that's it.
Today's video, family, I'll be reading you
in the comments box tell me
your opinion give it a like see you in
the next video tomorrow there is a video
about flipas on the main channel
There's an amazing video tomorrow. It's about
all your honor but you have to see it
also the kids because it is a
brutal scandal everyone is going to
be talking about it I say it all the time
The world is going to be talking about it.
we see family
Javi in gameplay mode on the platform
morafa
Who knows, who knows if they don't invite me to
On the other hand, who knows if more don't happen
things
I already have my PC I already have my PC by
if anything
Javi, how are you doing with teles to SEO? Well, it's going.
Well this month has been a little shorter
that the previous one, the previous one yes that
we made almost 5 million this month
made three and a half million
thousand members
and three and a half million visits
it's not something to complain about
It's not something to complain about because it's Abby you see
so HD I love it but not only that
not only looks so HD but can be a thousand
things at the same time and the computer doesn't crash anymore
What fails on the internet is already the [ __ ] thing
shitty building
and when I leave things will be much better
the camera won't last the entire live show
I tell you that too
because the camera is missing the cable that
It is current Okay then it is with
Battery See you tomorrow I get tomorrow
20 million visits per month in all
your channels
Well, I think I have like 14 in the
secondary channel in Javier Canijo
[Music]
In the main one I think I have a million
and a half things like that
and in the Javi Olive in Javier the
There have been almost four telesalseo, not three.
one and a half million
Last month was the month I have been the most
cattle in life there are many people there
a lot of brats
and I do not say this with the intention of belittling
other colleagues or anything but there is a lot
brat who thinks he is
There are many brats who think that you
you do well the more visits you have
by video let me see the visits by video
have gone down
It would be foolish to deny him visits
by video they have downloaded a video now that
I'm doing well, it has 50,000
But why? Because it goes up 28 million
videos So your audience doesn't have
150 thousand views on each video you know but
In the end I'm more interested this way
what I want is clear what I
I want is to have
It's lagging Oh of course it is
lagging because it was climbing
video but that is already the building because
The internet doesn't reach Javi playing LoL
with nisache, well look, I love ni
I like her a lot So when she
want
I play with her whatever she wants
There are kids who know what they're doing, man.
the kids
that come
to put myself in the comments
20 million views on telesalseo are
how to reward the man of the month no
the Spanish CPM
he is very tall, very tall
that there are many kids
Javi, when is another debate with Celia?
albertito Well, whenever they want I
Very happy, besides, you already know it's him.
I like him very much
that there are many kids who come to
mess with me like
20 million views on telesalseo
if it were 20 million visits in three
SEO has to be like 30-40,000
euros surely but there is a lot
kids who come without visitors
you are forgotten because your visits have
lowered because people are paying you
that you are not Impartial no that you are not Yes
Of course you are not impartial, not like
telling me that I defend Ardalas and they
they don't want to know how they want
that I feel bad
and punish me
Last night there was a channel that went up
a video about me about another youtuber
He said something that he copied from me, I don't know what and
another YouTube and another and a tiny channel
uploaded a video about me not that Javi has
done this I don't know what and the comments
They were haters because it is a channel whose
audience is hater not of Dallas and others
And then they put themselves, Javier
normal because it is impartial you believe
that I
I'm going to have fewer visitors
because he does not insult Ardala
that does not insult Claro because they in their
imagination in your mind of haters
I would like that
I would sink because I do not insult Ardala
I don't know if I explain myself, it's like they
feel
as if they would feel more
happy takes a punishment a punishment
because you don't mess with Dalas and you have to
mess with him he understands me and it's like and
He begins to say why this channel is the
true king The other channel is the
true king for each one
For each one the king I say it of
fun for each one will like more
see the gossip in one place or another
because they will agree more than less than
agreement with your roof because you
will entertain you more because you will like it more
For whatever reason, everyone has their own
I'm not going to look down on my colleagues.
understand
but what
those kids are idiots
it's like yes it's like they
would feel better and happier
convincing himself that I should call a
Javi Oliveira sinks because
because he makes bad videos because he has made
something cancellable because it has done something
homophobic because no no because no
Insulting her is like
I'm not insulting Ardala, but I'm not going to
insult anyone Unless I
Insult me then I insult
and it's like we don't look at ourselves
let's see maybe the others they have
more visits
They only do that, that's why they have more
visits
If they made 25 videos a day, how would I do it?
I literally think I do like 25
videos a day no
I go to the elevator and I go up like 6-7 a day
In Javier Canijo I try to upload one each
day is not habiliveira I upload one every day
I try and in Javier Canijo I upload two or
three a day plus the live ones I don't know what
So maybe but of course I'm not going
to start arguing with them because as
if it's like I'm Katy not having me
that he has to explain to each one how
If what I thought affected me, well
Well, if they think I don't have
visit that I'm in [ __ ] because it's
They think they would like you to tell him
give the things they say in the
channels where they laugh at the nonsense that
they say
They don't want you to insult them, they just want
that you criticize him just like you criticize everyone else
that they do the same [ __ ], that guy
I've read such a stupid argument
so many times that is [ __ ]
If you want me to criticize someone
person I get along with
just like another one who gives me a strike
that you are an idiot sincerely
Starting from there I can give my opinion and
criticize and when you disagree
tell him when I can't do it
but apart from that, that is a lie, he wants
to insult him
apart as to others who commit the
Same [ __ ], the [ __ ] was for you
the [ __ ] is for you laco
no youtuber makes the same mistakes
mistakes that others each have a
different anime and each one makes some
different things
By the way, how did the Darry theme turn out?
was left
I don't answer anymore
No
[Music]
I answer more or something like that, that's it then.
criticize if you have done it obviously
from respect you have not been
agreement with the strikes to put a
example already son but what I'm not going to do
do the same as if they put me The
Strange to me
I can't leave aside when they put me
a strike
The other channels don't make videos of
box and they have put it on strike when
I got a strike windy no channel
And that gossip and it's a video saying
that Windy had given me a strike
when he gave me a strike graft
no gossip channels
made a video
saying that I had been given a strike
Why do I have to do a strike?
because I have to do a Why do I have
to do a stranger because I have to
make a video of what dala I put a
strike one or the other because it is
at
who else put me
The thing is that many haters spend 24
looking for trouble for Dallas and that you
also do the same but when it is
They put Lada if you wanted a laco video
But let's see if the naco understands me
can make videos of the strikes that
come out of my dick
Coke is going to give you something. You want to go up?
and we talked
you want to upload I love the
conversations with people like you
his life
so there will be schedules when it is already in the
study that you already have
that I can now have my schedule
I can't have a schedule myself, can I?
have it then start there
let it start where I laco
Let it start where it can.
video of you guys doing whatever I want
I have to see there, you see you
very loose mentality
How do I start there, laco?
How do we know you're not the one who crashes?
you can upload to Telegram laco
You can upload it to Telegram, we are interested
a lot of arguments like yours
That is, he tells me it's not that I want him to.
criticize the same we will see topic be
there I don't have to
I make a video when I get a strike
Me and the others don't make video when
They give me extras because I have to
make a video of when dala puts a
strike when they ask me in
direct because it seems the same to me when
They put it on me, it seems terrible to me
It seems that this tool would have to be
remove it and I find it regrettable but no
I'm going to dedicate a video to Dallas because
I give it a grade
when we extract it from me but it is that to
Dallas when they put it on the fairy yes
you did it but I do it because
I feel like it because she's my friend
no I mean like
Ah, well, start there where
I start because I can upload my channel
videos of whatever I want
Have you seen the level? That is the level.
that's the level
That's the level
Javi, the crushing doesn't work the same for you anymore.
to the people who don't agree with you
Look at the viewers you have now a few years ago.
year you had twice as much There must be a reason
Today is Saturday, we are 2000 people
A year ago I had the same thing
and when there is a strong topic like the other one
Every day we are here with five or six thousand
spectators
What do you say about crushing here in the
Laco, you are the one who crashes
Laco I am literally the gossip channel
that has the most viewers
but apart from the number of viewers
They wouldn't give you any reason either and would prove you wrong.
is exactly the number of visits
as if we compare the number of visits
and the amount of likes that wismichu has
in that [ __ ] shitty video
and you didn't have the lordship exactly
the channel with the most viewers
Jordi the salsa channel has more
spectators I say there but the thing
Alright
you feel good about your way of
thinking and the things you do
the living is because the topics are not
saucers not you Wait for you
Expect to see topics that you might like to talk about.
from those you want, you wait
that
Laco wants to go up please Laco really
Laco please upload the aco
Laco, come up please
the one that goes up please
Laco does not go up, he suffers
Oh
Okay, let's get to it, family. Let's go.
take advantage of the camera's battery
Because as I tell you, even today the
I have it with battery. Tomorrow it will arrive.
cable So we're going to record as much as possible
possible with this quality not
No Javi, I'm not going to upload the thing anymore, if that's what it is.
we always hope that I don't go up
Well, it is the law of life, I am the law of
life
We've already assimilated that, dude.
Well family, little topic, important topic
powerful little topic, I don't know what it is
past but and I Juan is very angry
Well, he's very angry, so we're not going to
see what has happened because
They seem to have had a comment
unlucky with Maxi I don't know how he falls
more and to me even more if she seems like a girl
I think she is a good part of being pretty and nice.
that she is a girl who is going to sweep the
internet world as a presenter do the
that you make a girl who transmits very
good vibes okay
let's see what happened
It may have been the comment that did not
They liked it, Juan, that they made it to
Maxi okay I've changed the background here no
I know if you will like it more or less, I know that I am
a restless ass with the overlay but it is
that doesn't finish me doesn't finish me
convince Okay then I'll try
little things and such, let's see Juan Qu
Come on son, they told me more Yes what
said something about a dessert it could be something
but I eat more and I eat the dessert or
something like that was something like that Who said something about
but we were talking about it here and I just
I went to take a [ __ ] and they said something about
You in the chat I commented here
With you we saw it in Ibai
but we were talking about it here and I just
I went to take a [ __ ] and they said something about
wait, we have to give him more happiness like this
the chef disaster that I don't know what the cause was
I really think the third or the second
that I didn't know because I that program
Of course I saw it all if I saw it with
you and I didn't hear it anywhere
moment uncle I think it was Ah I was
just [ __ ] or do you remember that in a
moment I went to [ __ ] and I was a
time out of the chat Because disasters
I've been seeing them here with
You in the chat I commented here
With you we saw it in Ibai
but we were talking about it here and I just
I went to take a [ __ ] and they said something about
[Music]
Yes, they told me it was Pino who said something
of
who said something about a dessert can be
some but I have more and I eat it
dessert or something like that
That's what I say, uncle the man
I was never completely convinced by pine
I'm going to put Rebequita over here.
I'm cold, okay family
I'm cold and I've plugged in so many things
Here I can never put on the radio
finished convincing that man, uncle, I'm going
Here you have done berlight uncle I do not
convinces in the end I'm going to put it like that
I had it before and I'm even uncle
scratching a lot with the overlay
there is clearance
but here he is
that it is ugly that it is missing good to see
neither is it Nor was it you I don't know
how would I feel? I think that I would feel
would sit badly
one thing that they tell you that your girlfriend is
very pretty, your wife is very pretty you are
a compliment is worth it
or that you accidentally hear that someone
privately he said, "Holy [ __ ] is very bad."
good
They have told you privately that they have not told you
said to the face and in the end it is a lake
not that they think of your relative is very
good but since in public he takes it
I would say that I would eat dessert with her.
The overlay looks good. Let's see if you like it.
overlay we like to give your opinion
I leave it like that, I don't know anymore, I don't finish it
convince
it was something like this
So they said the marriage thing first.
That was when he said, "No, I"
I'm already engaged, I don't know what and Ah because
because I didn't know
It's ugly, the truth is that I don't like it
leave it, it looks very cool if it's good this
no, let's see if I can do something
Maybe with this we can save it.
but I really don't know what to do
I asked Tina but
[Music]
let's leave it like this in black and white
at least it looks better no
ugly ugly Mondays don't fit in this no
like we like nobody no Then no
leave it now then take it off but what
I put to see some bad ones we can not
put nothing I also tell you
not me
[Music]
Hayden collects it for me and we'll see it here
now finally
we left it bottomless
the lyrics Javi [ __ ] is that I don't know what
make us remove these letters too
that's fine
we remove the background and leave it white and
black in black, black remains
epic the lyrics are ugly
the handwriting is ugly
remove it we remove everything Then I remove it
the networks
we leave it like that
because so yes no
but I can put vision here Okay
you don't give Vision
no but it's to fill the screen no
I also tell you
it's horrible
It's horrible, very loaded
fifth review also nothing is seen
professional I bought a set
What is that bitsu option and do you know it?
that is the bis a vision outside
So
That is, not just a little bit, nothing at all.
not anymore
I can't take anything else away
bigger the screen but then the
I cover a little
get out of the way Javi
I take off myself
I take off like this
let's see family like that
Damn, everything looks bad on me, eh?
overlay everything looks terrible on me
leave the chat alone but let's see
family
let's see
Well
Let's see family Wait Wait
family like that
Let's see, tell me too. Take off your clothes. It's
more professional eyes
go to hell already, man, that's fine, right?
the black so if we can't leave no
so if we can leave it, come on, it's that way
I put it if I put it wrong old that it
I put full screen I mean for all
There were things on the screen that I covered up.
He escaped with the camera. Then
we'll see, okay
I also tell you
what are you doing
I really don't know about you.
Why am I asking for your opinion or anything, man?
I don't even know why I'm asking for your opinion.
or anything dude
You don't support me in anything, man, you don't support me
In nothing I do good we have
heard Juan that he is upset damn and
then some dessert
It's that I don't know, I don't know, it's that I don't want to
to put my foot in it because I was leaving and he told me
comment but I don't know if it was like that
which
You know, I don't know if it was like that exactly
It was Caesar
The Caesar
unwelcome uncle, how unwelcome you are
invite you to an event and do that kind of thing
Guest comments Well neither
she is not even a guest, she is the
presenter is that I don't care Even
whether she is single or not single
No
It was when more and said that he was
promised but it wasn't something for dessert
I eat it or something like that
These people Where is the weather and me
Can you please send the clip?
Can you please send me the clip?
He told me that comment and I didn't do it.
I knew And I heard that and I said listen to me
I'm a real mess, I mean
I can try to see that they are more people
older guys but damn it doesn't matter
It's no excuse for anything You know you're in a
program and [ __ ] is watching you a lot
There are people who, or rather, said it in the
video
Let's see, I'm going to look for that, man.
I'm sure there's a video on YouTube of
upload or something sure there is a network
rise
What are you doing with that thumbnail?
because my live has the thumbnail of the
you crash
I just realized that my live
It has the thumbnail of the shock uncle
No
I have the one that is on
What miniature does Juan look like to you?
Click Ah ok come on Juan it
puts
be consistent with what you are doing
telling who you are telling it to
You know
He was very brother-in-law He was very brother-in-law Yes, he was very
brother-in-law The plate
says something like she puts that on you
plate and go directly to dessert
completely out of place
completely out of place or so I am
me
I hear those things and obviously I say
This is what you know from her from me
comment is directed towards me But
obviously you understand what the hell it is
empathy and [ __ ] caring about
someone can make things happen to you
you also know that they hurt you
there is an ingredient below
a comment
you like this more and for dinner and
You go straight to dessert. We go
I hadn't seen this here, I was here
[ __ ]
this plus and for dinner
unnecessary there is an ingredient per
below
you like it more the same
you like this more and for dinner and
You go straight to dessert. We go
the two grandparents there, the two old men
saying that
Ibai's face
I hadn't seen him here, I was [ __ ]
maybe it loses a little
This turns you on more and for dinner let's see
what I want to hear one thing there is a
ingredient below
you like it better anyway
you like this carbonara you like
like more Yes
you like this more and for dinner and
you go inside the dessert, let's go
you like this more and for dinner and it goes
Let's go straight to dessert.
and shakes his hand
It gives me the creeps a little bit, eh?
Samada or literal grima I tell you
Madaurama, huh?
What are you doing, man?
What are you doing
not even if they were
My goodness, man, who the hell are you inviting?
things uncle Look the other day there was the
Telmo, that guy made a really cool joke.
you wanted a joke What happens is that the
Kiko Rivera Kiko Rivera cut him off
There I uploaded the clip where I uploaded the cli to my
Twitter look at it on my Twitter I wanted to be
a joke that a line next to the
I ate a ray and you believe that
With the audience that ibai has, it is going to
come with the audience you have and with
the one I have nor with the one he has
Nobody What does Telmo make clear that one day
I've already said it like 800,000 times.
I have to do it one day and not see that guy
Uncle because I have collected the things
that has been putting And what has been going
boasting in his stories of
Instagram on how to get the promos
Then he boasts. Look, look, they call me.
the brands call me the brands, uncle
The guy is nobody, nobody knows him
the guy what he gets with all this
big people because they have it
like a grace that has no grace that
Bots got into it one day and it has
one hundred and something thousand Followers because
They are bots and Kiko Rivera told them no.
How the hell are we going to do this joke?
Kiko Rivera so that he has more sense
that you are Kiko Rivera
one day the tongue and does not see that guy
repulsive repulsive uncle and a jerk
be very careful and when someone does it to you
not to see and people find out how
Get the promos that you are hesitating about
They even throw him out and he doesn't do it anymore
They invite you to nowhere, which is what it is
deserves to know is why you invite
that guy to this
why do you invite that guy that suits you
to put his foot in it, he is not a creator of
content that does nothing
that the only thing he does on his networks
because you get involved later and all the humor
What do you have? Look, I'm drunk. Look, I've
fallen to the ground from drunkenness that
I have all the time the jokes are from
that he is very drunk that he is very
because and I don't know what
Javier Do it No I don't have to do it
Uncle, I have to do it, it happens that neither
I'm in a hurry because it's a bit with
nobody and maybe still and not see and nobody
You'll know who it is, maybe I'll do a
simple video putting it on and that's it
but it is tremendous what he does or is what
What he does with the brands is tremendous
way you have to get the
brands are tremendous when you don't know them
Nobody is worth it, but of course they invite people
who fall into Grace for a given moment and
This big thing has great features.
of doing this kind of things that they take
in Grace to someone
that they catch people in Gracia
that no, that they are not funny, it's like
when he fell in Grace he was shocked and they have
famous fact Well, the same thing happens to him
what charisma is shocking
because he has entered into Grace Because he looks
He said about the hospital, eh, there all the
life with the clash she is well seen and
We have already forgiven him for everything
I remember the one with the pizza
perfectly but perfectly uncle
because I remember that I saw that you and I don't know
I forgot the pizza before being
famous
the one with the pizzas this is because
lauronplay reacted to one of his videos.
He is a man who owns a restaurant and
that I have nothing against him or
I know him, I don't know if he's a good person or not.
good people or whatever okay Just be
that his true colors were very obvious
I only know that his true colors were very obvious.
I'm talking about these from many years ago
the guy
auronplay commented on a video of
the one with the 3 the one with the three auronplay is a
video delete uncle known because auron
made a video of him
Okay, what happened when Auron
he made the video auron never gave
credit to the channels they took over
they took the auron took random characters
that perhaps not even God knew them.
Yes, it is true that every time I open
One commented: Well, maybe he would win.
two thousand followers the thumbnail is the
of the collision but I don't know why it is seen
miniature of choca but I had already
changed while I tell you the story
From what I saw of pine no
that maybe maybe now
I commented but usually what
Imagine not a channel like Auron's
mentions you and your channel gets featured
100,000 subscribers on the same day
Well, this pine was one that auron
criticized made a moristic video
criticizing it is fine, I agree.
He started spamming him on Twitter
He started spamming him on Twitter and this
It's that I saw it because Auron came to him
answering, he started spamming him on Twitter
auron you took my video and you didn't
put in the description the channel
And then Auro
I said, "Oh, okay, come on, no problem, and that's it."
He put it and from there they took it
It's a joke that these people do it
famous to anyone
They make anyone famous And now he took
The guy has been given fame in
YouTube
fame on YouTube and
the proma to his restaurant because he made it
a video review
I have no reason to give credit to the Channel
from which I take the click
fair use is that
but auronplay for not arguing or for not
it looks bad or to put on a medal
so be it, put the link
There the pizza guy doesn't let go of the
comment is the other but he laughs at it
grace and high fives him when
laser commentary two brothers-in-law manual
very rude why do you have to hurry
girl who is doing her job
Why do you have to give him a hard time?
whether you have a partner or not, if that is the case
This is independent of whether you have
couple is disrespectful to their
couple if they know that he has a partner that I
It is strange that neither of them know that
She is Joan's girlfriend
I miss you
but it is the typical conversation of a va
of two workers in a va taking a
one-third beer
How is it not that big of a deal, brother-in-law?
It's not that big of a deal that she's your sister
or let it be your mother to see if it bothers her
or it doesn't bother you
neither Javi feminist nor dick
For you it is a comment that
uncomfortable is a rudeness we move on to the
desserts that are desserts
I can take it and I can tell him
Maxi is very beautiful and looks very beautiful today. What
pretty, she's very pretty, plus me whatever
anything
otherwise and nothing happens but it is
They are saying in the style of Luis Endera
man I'm putting it again so you don't
have heard is a comment from
bricklayers Look good
a program there with maximum audience
tweet
In a program the girl is uncomfortable
is presenting that it has been three days
girl presenting does it very well
but it takes three days
listen to it and say [ __ ] dude I [ __ ] on you
the [ __ ] guy What a more unnecessary thing
there is an ingredient below
you like this more and for dinner and
you go inside the dessert, let's go
I hadn't seen this here, I was here
[ __ ]
[Laughs]
Of course, Ibai's face is like, what the hell is he doing?
more happening and the poor thing doesn't know where
to get in
I didn't understand the copyright joke
Uncle, I'm fed up with banning you.
and I already know that I'll ban you from the channel.
the names of the people I ban because
from time to time I feel like banning haters
so you can't comment and you know what
This is what happens to you that you return to that is to say I know
more or less by sight or by the
name or by the Avatar the haters
typical fans of pathetic channels and
others and I ban you so you can't
comment on the channel and maybe both
months like now I unban everything
the world and continue commenting and as not even
had noticed that you were
banned And you are one of them you have a
while copyright saying it is not
it's not that much it's not that much it's not that much
so much and now you take and ask is that
I don't understand the joke if you don't understand the
joke because he is saying it is not for
both because I'm saying it and if
I would have said that it is nonsense
you would have said that it is very ugly and that yes
would have said it and would have done it
We would have applauded that.
you would have said
I'm really [ __ ] ridiculous.
[ __ ] haters that came to this channel It's a
uncomfortable comment they are saying to you
that is so good that they took it to the
dessert What does the joke mean
What does the joke mean?
a sketch is needed to see for the
These fools like that copyright
evidently yes
a sketch is needed to not understand
the joke that is very good and that is
They would have dessert with her and go to
have dessert, what is it that is bothering you?
saying that he would take her where she does
a sketch is missing
I make a little drawing with a small blackboard
that the dessert is taken by ass
These are situations that are experienced many times
sometimes not And surely in your family
I would have heard you eat in your
circle comments like this And you there
Well, [ __ ], you can say, listen to me, but
clear
especially if the poor woman doesn't know where to go
There No, not even many times in real life
You know how to answer this, you fall
cut it has happened to me it has happened to me
past that maybe they have done me a
comment
I'm so-so about Lorena and I'm like,
What do I say, what do I do? I get into a chav mood.
or I get into Step of the subject that is what it is
I take a compliment as a compliment.
I take it as you know, that is, in plan
You can compliment a woman
Of course you can throw that as a compliment.
have a partner and have a partner you give it to him
you can throw
But what you like is not the
mozzarella is more yes
What you like is more Yes, yes, to you
It turns you on more if you take this to the
post directly man for God's sake two
gentlemen of 50 or 60 years old, I don't know how much
will have those two
He doesn't want to cut the roll either.
It's complicated, of course, because even more so if not
wants to stand there saying listen to me
No
I remember here not because I don't want to
trigger
she the uncomfortable situation for her
but does not want the situation to be
uncomfortable for you in general
regrettable is typical of
that shouldn't be that's how I feel
like the comment But you don't get it
I return it because then the discomfort
It's bigger because there I don't know but
Well, what do you want me to tell you?
things that
things that are unnecessary and that's it
but well, I'm telling you, that is, me
I don't dislike these people, I don't dislike my pine tree.
He doesn't like her at all and neither does Caesar.
times we have been with them about
all the other day that we were yesterday in
private with them and such are super are
very good people, they are very kind people
They are very attentive people but they have their
things, I mean, I know they have their things and
Will Smith is here
[Music]
If I were John, you could do me
a meme paule please for twitter a meme
that comes out
and I Juan in the head the head of
They Juan but that's a lot of head but
no Juan Forgive me forgive Juan
Their heads go into the body of
Will Smith and the pine head
in rock's body that good head
by Csar Blue
Please do it for me
but I, as for the level of competition
I didn't notice in the final I noticed like that
They had Andrea and me in their sights
I don't know why
I noticed that we were carrying a plate and they were already
plan to see what the hell these people are bringing
Don't get upset, my admired king of gossip.
you are unique
It was like it was already time to prepare
for [ __ ]
and Paule but pine not of pine not Paule of
Csar Blue who is the one who said no
and we weren't carrying [ __ ] around
At least I consider it eh I also tell you
I have no idea about cooking but
I say this because I also tried many
things we did I tried
to say let's see if we haven't
past with something like that let's see if this is
but he didn't know [ __ ] at all
salmorejo was very good the tartar
It was very good too, I had the tartar
I saw it there and read more and gave it a warning.
I gave it to Felipe and everyone said It's
very good, as I say, damn good
Oliver says, my mother, there will only be
you crash Oliver
Oliver Oliver dear we are talking
of me
Oliver are you okay?
Javi Javi after being taken by Oliver
disorder or does not exist
Oliver, we can help you with something. Oliver
You've lost yourself on the internet or like Oliver
What happened to you?
curo Thank you very much King Hey family
Remember that Prime members are free if
you have Amazon Prime Olive we can you
help dear
for having those opinions before
take it and when you take it and we meet
fifth Oliver you are the chongas
Oliver you are the one who crashes
Two days after forgiveness, my power went out.
of the
that I don't know or that is
they had eaten some seeds
thrown the shell on the plate and now
how do we take the [ __ ], that is, I know so much
it's bad
Maybe I can be a little [ __ ].
but being about cooking it doesn't talk about
literally the dessert the same Yes but no
I know the Caesar of the videos looks good
Who the [ __ ] said that, man?
that literally speaks of the post but
Uncle, I mean, you have to be very stupid, right?
You must be very stupid to think that, people.
and I have not said at any time
that Caesar is called by people for nothing
We all have comments and
We have attitudes. It's good that we don't.
no, not everyone comes from all over the world
all all all One more some less no
and it depends on the context too but I
I haven't said that they are bad people at all.
man, it doesn't seem like that to me either
I know him, I mean I've seen him once in my
life but it doesn't refer to the [ __ ] dessert
that is, logically
Damn, Pablo is sending me something else.
Let me see, let me open it for a second.
I have it on WhatsApp because it is
sending something else unpleasant
no no no no
No no
it's almost at the same time
It's almost at the same time, let's see
Well it's not the same day it's not the same
day no
because I think more if I was like with
other clothes no
I think it's not the same day.
You have gone there if you go the same and they
two too but more if it is not the one
same day no
No, no, I trust what we say.
Because they are a product that I hate.
and they do not tell me from realization that
you eat and eat and eat and that's it and you eat
Please, what's wrong with the pineapple?
from a private number
and what's the problem, come on, Pine?
you want to take your house
I would love to try it because I have the
true that quite a long comment
slime that can scare you
family See my Twitter See my Twitter
Javier I have seen the video of
beautiful about I doubt and you crash I don't know who it is
beautiful But I the YouTube video crash
I did something similar about a year ago
or has said or has dudus said something new
There you have it. Ah, look how clear it is.
Look, Marif, the truth is that she can't.
be more handy Perfect Good one of
the jager is going to be simulated
no no no no because you called him
mobile and he got a cough because it was from the
bank or something Look it's okay it's okay Ah
Well, he really likes it, huh?
well it's like he vomits with his food
Well I don't know what Ciro is not one either.
joke No, that doesn't happen to me that much either, no
I don't know what Cyrus would refer to the dessert Yes
I wouldn't have made the comment before
You like it more? Yes, of course.
what other person takes it badly and
splits the face
that another person takes it badly and breaks it
the face
Yes man, let's see.
It wouldn't be very normal to break his head either.
face to someone that's why you know like me
in that kind of things to have to
change the screen location I have in that
kind of things I
They are uncomfortable situations
exactly as I have described it
perfect are things that you don't know how to do
react in the moment
because
you are uncomfortable and you can create a
even more awkward situation Then
you are there a little between the sword of the
wall and that's it And then for me the
that which is regrettable on the part of the
the person who does it is called a fool
of
The comment is awful, isn't it, Mara Muchas?
thank you
refer to going straight to dessert
It is and I tell you clearly literally
you know how to [ __ ]
That is, to go to the dessert is to go to [ __ ]
Exactly. Speaking clearly just in case.
you don't understand, don't read between the lines, how disgusting
but well, like them they have seen each other
more often than not I don't know what level of
These people are having a laugh because more and
Pino Marif and Csar have seen each other in
All these programs have talked a lot
In private they have been there preparing
programs have had a long time
longer than many people in plan
together to talk I don't know to what extent
level comes confidence but of course the
The problem is that you are there live
But well, seeing Maxi's face, no no.
That is, not literally not.
literally not to see a second that you
put a meme
Let's see, a little shabby, no, Paule.
padel a kiss
Paule but with that he has cut this to
see the meme is the meme of course the meme
The meaning matters, not the plan
quality is not that important either
but with what the hell did he cut this?
[Laughs]
no level of trust is that even
although I say it to a colleague
that is to say, a colleague, a friend, does not she
makes a joke that you're going to [ __ ] no
Hello
What's up man, what is this?
It's a pain I don't know how to [ __ ], he teaches me.
neither
It's a pain because
Many people are bothered by it
counteract such comments
seriously bad vibes and if not blunt
It shouldn't be like this but many times
This happens many times because it doesn't happen
reach a more uncomfortable situation
a person still has to swallow
the comment
and this happens no matter how much you tell me that
no this happens
They leave you a comment
you carry it here in your chest and the
the rest says nothing
for not taking it to another scale of
we cut everything for a moment what the [ __ ] have you
said knows when the other says it
believing that it is just a joke and
This happens all the time and it's a pain and I
It feels really bad for her, of course, or rather, no
I feel really bad but oh well, she
I ask him more and he will surely tell me
I don't give a damn because I know her and I know that
keep going man, I didn't like it
You won't lose sleep over what that guy says.
man, but it's pathetic
not such But well, besides, if it is
peel and more and when the program ended
gave Cesar a hug and gave him a
hug pino gave a hug to everyone
The world said goodbye and she has spent it
super good and is super grateful
that he was going and Carmen gave him that
opportunity And me too for
I am supposedly super grateful for
that you trust her for whatever is
that on top of that is what you know the guest and him
has given the opportunity is there
What are you going to do?
you're going to create a bad vibe on the show
is that he must have eaten it
lass
is that he had to eat it
what a rage that has given me, uncle, it has given me
courage eh The only thing that has given me courage
to me because you know that John also
He had to sit her with one paw up
the uncle turnip
but it's not going to create a bad vibe either.
Now you know
nor is he going to put himself in a plan and of course
Obviously, but that guy makes me really angry.
A lot of courage in those situations, man.
true me
I see her from afar with pride
that I don't see You know when I had to see
all the After Chef programs because
I was the first Well I was not but the
second, third, and fourth by the
Villa here with you and I cut
direct and I saw it because she was there yes
If she weren't there I wouldn't have cut it off
my things, that is, I cut only one and
exclusively because she was there
presenting and I wanted to see it and it makes me
a lot of excitement and I see it as it is
as if someone I know from your family
you are doing something and it makes you excited and
you want to see how he does it and I
I'm really glad you trusted me
in it because I consider that it has been
given very very very very very very good uncle and
has given it a very cool touch and
and more sincerely it is infuriating because it is
I don't know a little thin skin too
with what he is doing
[Music]
things are going well
A little bit of [ __ ], not a little while.
[ __ ]
I don't know, I don't understand, right?
It's a prime-time show, man.
what a prime audience
that was handsome uncle that was handsome
It's true that I had a great time and I
inventory
that your father does to a girl
of six couples and there was a moment the
Diego Gracias Fabio is hanging from the
Diego's [ __ ] head, really Diego
He kept sending us WhatsApp messages.
Andrea and my children, good luck to me. Ah
How delicious! Oh, good luck, my children!
You are going to do it by folding it.
Don't see, you've only beaten the guy from the
mask that roast Mazo that I don't know how it is
calls
Well, unfortunate, unfortunate family no
It may be something else, I have sat down until
Bad my uncle I don't know them
I just got home from work. What's up?
past that I have not found out summary
quick summary quick I can't
make my soul you see it now that I'm already going up
this deal
Uncle, I would spam you a little bit with the text.
It would really scare you a little bit.
sad but it really pisses me off
They have had enough thanks to Sucunza
Thank you very much for that piece of Prime
family remember you all that could
be a member of Javier Canijo or you can
leaving prime on Twitch okay I feel
proud of how you look uncle and that
I'm sure I haven't set it up yet.
100% because I have configured it myself but
I'm sure that when Rick hit him tomorrow
I actually reviewed it and set it up properly.
microphone and such can be seen and heard a lot
better listen to me more sitting down fatally
I promise you the rest, listen to me.
I have the text super viralized
super viralized
like some chich with two million
and a peak of visits but I have to have
some [ __ ]
will be with me all day and reporting
sure uncle is that mine in all the
networks are not normal mine in all the
networks are not normal, man, the people that I
I have against
You need a psychiatrist if you are sick.
It's normal, it's not normal. The things that I
They really do it, I'm telling you, it's not normal
Let's talk now about the ex of the
Rubius I think that is what we have to do And it is
that it seems that the girl
Well, he keeps a nice memory of Rubio
still
It seems that he doesn't forget it And it is that
let's see, they opened up and said what
obsessed, I wouldn't say either.
I wouldn't classify her as obsessed, I don't think.
What they call obsessives is running out for me
to come to mind
if it just came to my mind
familiar right now
it just came to my mind
right now family and this one don't leave me
You're not going to deny this to me.
It just came to my mind now
same and this you are not going to deny it to me but
now I can't now I can't I don't do it
I have it at hand, now I say it, now I say it
She's hurt. Well, I don't know, look.
retweets things like this the blond one
current number one top stream one of the
great figures of the creation of
Hispanic content someone who wins a
immense amount of money and that its
influence is such that he has made videos
with Tom Holland or Will Smith his
next move ask you for money in
Patreon Well, the Patreon thing is yours.
saying So it would be ridiculous if the
Rubio asked for money on Patreon that he didn't
is asking for money on patreon that the
patreon that created it because it is
a promo to Petro is a collaboration
with poorly done patreo Well they could
having promoted the question
If you want to try again, listen to me.
Alexa
If you do that to me again we'll get you.
made
I'm starting at 48 to get it and
burst it
No, I'm not going to break it because I have everything.
the new Setup that I'm trying out
today but I'm starting to get the temperature
bilirubin
I don't know whether to hit the screen
Listen to me, if you do that to me again, you
I swear my whole [ __ ] is going to sweat
that the Setup is new
I'm getting really angry right now
a warm-up
and I don't want to hit him anything he was going to bite
I don't want to hit the microphone on anything.
everything is new and the [ __ ] is killing me
to give a scare
I've messed up, I thought I had
an aunt behind the desk now
I myself said who the hell is with me?
I'm into the writer and I [ __ ] on yours
dead
I [ __ ] on your [ __ ] dead body and I'm not going to
monetize this Deal but
and you have seen what he has done to me
I [ __ ] on his [ __ ] dead body
I don't even know what I was saying about the
aunt this
I don't know what I was saying.
the diet that I don't remember
The patriotic thing would not be, I don't remember what
that you are saying that something else
I'm sorry you're going to Andorra because what?
little agreement that who disagrees
I'm with lulohoyo
[Music]
healing
Look, man, I even get the names.
now
I can even think of names, but let's see if
I can share this with you
because the camera is off
wait for it
Now we are family, I even get the
names of those who have the
subscription here on Eh I'm putting
I'm putting technology in
technology here that is not normal in
family is going to have to upload the
salary
click clicks ming Jasmine Beln to fashion px
dead live pinhead beard bristle beard
Pig, your name is uncle.
alvearn two months I don't know why aimar
I've been reviled for three months, I don't know why, and Juan
lupuerto one month
eye
eye that eats your mouth heals many
thank you
[Music]
I don't know why you did it
It's as if I were doing
but the internet is gone no no
but the internet is gone because I'm
putting F for the image
or the live broadcast has been down on the internet
but the live had fallen or was it
just the image
the live had fallen it was just the
image Yes in the is the brick the Huesca
which by the way the webcam looks like
[ __ ] great she also looks scandalous
that the the that I don't know why the camera
opened when I moved it
When I move it it's like it makes a
microcortico and it disconnects I don't know why
What if it's bad or the cable or I don't know why
what but well then thank you very much to
real cure King Thank you very much
Let's continue with what we were doing
the Blonde's girlfriend
and now this guy is changing for me
now
I don't know, I have to polish it a little here.
settings the spotlights do a lot
the spotlights do a lot the spotlights do
very much what I do notice is that it looks like
I don't know if this one is clearer than this one.
I have too much dark
I don't know if you would like me to put it like that.
a little clearer, no
We leave it as family work, let's go
see what the Rubio's ex girlfriend says
of the Rubius not that you are going to Andorra because
You don't give a damn about anything and you have to
amass more money Ok but no
justify your selfishness by going from
victims of the system I am rich because of it
system you are the most privileged of the
system And she says it had to be said and
It was said Well there is no reason why
unnecessarily By the blond with this
eh from Andorra because this Andorra from
lulogios I see it more
No, yes, of course. I'm not going to go for the blond.
say by alpha night but if at the end of
Andorra said it because of the victim of the
system and such for what Alfa said here
but but no no no no no the blond
He also said something like that that the Treasury
I was dealing with a criminal and I say so.
Seriously, eh, this month has put me
past
Tax authorities
a fine
for something
that they were wrong
Okay
for something that they have done wrong
It was like I have it, it's a roll, no
I'm going to explain it because I have it.
postponed here for three months to avoid paying it
instead of stopping everything at once every month
I divide the payment of each into three
quarter you know dad it seemed to me more or
At least I'm not going to do it anymore.
because if he starts touching me
dick and they gave me a fine like that
it had not arrived on time
request for I don't know what a [ __ ] a
[ __ ] you know this I had sent her
everything and we have the
[Music]
the accusation of I don't know what but the fine and
Also the fine is a salary the fine the
you pay
The fine is paid and now you claim it
you pay the fine
so as not to lose the bonus, it is time
eggs and now you claim and now it
better in a year then you
they will return the fine
incredible incredible what is promoted here is
incredible you're going to have to think about it
Pedro would have no doubt if you didn't
I would have a child but I wouldn't have any
doubt turning off half do not have any
sense and you don't have to win The numbers
What do these people earn so that you pay the
half I already pay half and I don't win the
figures that those people earn, no way
It makes no sense to give half of what
that generates action
This one you put me about the cat of
wismichu I don't understand why you have to
having done with the blond
puca makes great progress I think it's a
cat like wismichu has adopted no or
has picked up something
Okay
make great progress He barely has any
fear and also knows how to do Parkour
I open directly to chat for a while with
you but I don't understand Tito this
comment because this comment would be
a reference
to the Blonde
because you have sent me to act as if
was a reference to Rubio
Does anyone know?
It was not a reference, it is from the scam and
michu
that it is from Tingo and Michu
with the blond, let's see, they had a mess
that one they had but
nor that they are like enemies
enemy Well I take it for granted that the
blond doesn't like him
chu for some comments he has made
but good to have done
What I have taken is a little
what we have found on the internet
about how Rubius and the ex-vale ended up
someone here
he tells the girl
the girl has deleted something from the tweet
but he tells the girl something like
I don't know why, just retweet
things against blondes or something like that And
She says because I have a blog But no
I understand this girl's desire to
be bothering your ex
you understand me
That Dallas video was awful.
I saw this very
a little bit it's how it was all based on
things that were not that were not strong no
So they would cancel it if it were
another one that wasn't the blond one, surely
but of course we are talking about things
what the blond did a long time ago
supposedly And why we want it
know now very very
as you know
But hey, we all have videos like that.
sometimes
and I didn't want to put this video of this
video I wanted to put the part done that was not
I remember because I told you that she put it there
Before everyone knew what was going on
cheating on practically everything
what was happening in the nightclubs
Rubius what he did was himself or
through his fans to go around sending to
the kids to tell him the
girls if they wanted to go with him to his house
or do it directly to me
I knew that because I knew him.
quite a few girls who didn't know each other
Among them, who told me everything is
same story that delicacies approach them
and said You know it's me they told them
Yes, then I proposed something else to them and
They told him no. Then the guy
just went away alone are capable of
flirt for fame and for the fame that they have
has given the other
They recognized this, that is, everything
They recognized not well so that you can see
that I did not invent anything at all, one of them
These horns he put on this girl
As I told you, I don't like him at all.
but when it is true you have to
admit it this is also
I'm going to be amazed at tomorrow's video, man.
Ole my air, ole my air
the typical Twitter reasons that
I love to make scratches but why?
You see, I don't care about it
political orientation when it is necessary
I'm good at agreeing with you, because I
I put this tweet saying someone
remember when Rubius put the
he cheated on Lane, his girlfriend, back in 2014 and
which was a photography disco or
hooking up with another blonde girl people
started calling me a liar Oh what are you
saying bullets That's all a lie how
It can't be Dallas, not even a joke. That one.
blonde girl I also remember
yes, of course you don't care
we that the blond put the
horns to the ex So not even in
the current girlfriend, well, if she were the girlfriend
From now on, it still says done. Good.
look is revealing something that the
girl now doesn't know But to the ex that
He hasn't even been with her for a while
a long time and that put the
horns 2014 already 2014 that is not because
was fine in 2014 and now is
bad but already already like already like How are you
No sorry, she was a tattoo artist and she had
appeared in a video with El Rubius and with
Tous who was a different youtuber
that time when no one sees it anymore but
At that time he was very famous all over the world
world telling me that I am a liar that
I'm making it all up, how can you
is going to do that terrible humiliation
to the bride El Rubius if it is El Rubius
It's a super ally, well, well, well.
it turns out
It will be quoted, never lie, leave me alone
explain a little bit the context of
This is basically Rubius as I have already told you
said he was absolutely flirting
anything that moved anything
thing is good for Rubius Bueno me
I imagine that then the ex kind of
She was very resentful with the blond and now
that's why always but my goodness uncle I don't know
how many years now that you are not together
But let's get to today
still retweet things against him
as very good as another that I deserve
Very good raffle lovers, we have a
new news bombshell and also very
strong because apparently the ex-girlfriend of
Rubius Jenny a Ranch says it was
infected with a sexually transmitted disease
Rubius when they were dating okay
attention by
This would have been something Dallas would have put in the
video
the video would have been more powerful
If Dallas had put this in the
video if it had been more powerful
video because this is really serious
eh and this is irresponsible if really
serious and irresponsible Because these are
the tweets that Jenny Vale has posted say
If the person who suffers from depression
horse for how I treated it for two years
He also claims on television that
would force quite a bit and then says why
As far as I know, one of the symptoms of the
Depression is not the one that every weekend
week of partying around the world
Attention because the strong one is coming here in
This message that you left on the forum that are
In theory it is Jenny, okay
in the forum, which forum, eh, don't tell me
that I'm a daily newspaper poster. I don't think so, that is.
This is what they say about the forum, what is it?
He says, calm down, I'll pass you the
medical report of when this
unfortunate man, I got mononucleosis from
there whoring every weekend while
lived with me in the same house
YouTube has to be very secure
youtuber is taking for granted that this
aunt is that not
Oh no, but she's saying that.
You are talking to the affected person. So
Shut your mouth and leave [ __ ] that doesn't
You have no [ __ ], I've never had a cocky one in my life.
I cheated on a couple in my
life and
This is already very strong, eh? So keep quiet.
because you don't know anything about what happened
I guess this guide arguing with
another user because the truth is that he has
a wave of Rubius fans came to
defend Rubius and attack this girl
I certainly won't give my opinion here.
give your opinion because that's a couple's thing
These are things that Twitter, for example, does.
It is known that this is already 100% but it is not either
I'll put my hand in the fire for this one
user who is called because I don't know if
100% it is Jenny, everything points to yes and
everyone says yes but I
I don't want to get into trouble right now.
So I leave this here for you.
you give your opinion on those who want
get into trouble and you upload a video that
says Rubius' ex-girlfriend infected with
disease
sexual down there in the mother thumbnail
mine
that he is very sure to upload that video
Uncle, but hey man, let's see, write it down
I point out that it is but I don't know.
Don't exaggerate. No, seriously, or they can get you.
sue eh I mean if this girl wasn't
She could sue Nacho
and the Ruby could sue Here too
Toki I think not because he is being accused
in this video of
of going to a bunch of [ __ ] and infecting others
illnesses to the bride
my mother and how do we know that and how
we know that the person who is
writing in the forum is not the chocas
[Laughs]
if the [ __ ] is already there
How do we know that the person is not the
crashes
Oh, I had one more thing, I left it out.
but it doesn't matter anymore
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
I promise you that I will try to be in
this clip the most the most
as objective as possible is worth it. And also
let's talk about a gossip
what has happened between two people who
They are not my favorite streamer, okay?
What things did you miss? I forgot to comment that
Well Once they met in the
tweet Drive this year because she
interviewed him
look at the bad vibes they have
I didn't put that in the extract, man.
damn you can go up to good
put it in But oh well it doesn't matter
I cut the move short
see if that gum the phrase that comes out
Alex The Capo
has criticized Pino
let's see it
Alex El Capo's Biff to Pino and Cesar
Blue for God's sake
on pine and Caesar Blue due to the
suspects that they were the ones who
Uncle, let him watch the video tomorrow.
It doesn't focus so you don't miss anything.
I can't teach it
You're going to freak out in tomorrow's video.
They gave a pretty low grade during
the suspicion that they were the ones who
they gave him a pretty low grade
during and approachchef For those who do not
They saw the program Alex had good
ratings during a Y round of
soon a table decided to put a bad one
rating two tables gave it a 10
and a letter with two which is a
quite strange contrast But oh well
These suspicions come from this
moment when Alex criticized Pino
for the previous edition in which
This Italian participated, which is the one from
what is this joke about the
pizzas don't seem to give them a bad grade and
Besides, I don't really know who that is.
uncle
the way of addressing him is not very
friendly Okay, well I think that's kind of it
He disliked us because we were going to have a good time
Well, I understand, no. Or rather, as if we are
making jokes And that And like that
we fell badly or something like that is not the feeling
that it gave me the impression that he didn't like us
I also tell you to lower it a couple of tones
cracks that you have a pizzeria or so no
you are not chef ramsey okay
you have a [ __ ] pizzeria like if under
down here and I go to the [ __ ] thing that goes and the
Turkey thinks he is a little chef who
You have a pizzeria, relax a little.
Okay
What does it have to do with having a pizzeria?
so that he understands cooking
I mean yes, yes, he is a chef, right?
That is, if you have a pizzeria, if it is a
chef no I mean literally the one that goes
from my neighborhood can be a chef no
I ask family, I am not an expert in the
subject
But
you can be a chef no
Imagine you have a go where it says
whiskey sirloin
and they only know you in your block you are a
chef no
he's not a chef, let's see, wait, let's go
look up the definition of chef
Let's look for the definition of chef.
I understand that he is the head chef
definition of the head chef of a kitchen
restaurant or other establishment where
They serve food. Of course he is a chef.
Sorry chef
and can have many years of
experience Oh look
[ __ ] Pro [ __ ] proof that we can
watch the videos like this too
That is because it has many years of
experience no And it can be one if not
We're seeing it like this, guys Javi No la
nonsense I have to learn to handle the
new set
those who should lower a couple of
Tonitos are him and Felipe there we are
OK
They seem to me to be two more marrachos, uncle him and him
Felipe Felipe is the most scum uncle
Felipe total toxic total toxic
super toxic uncle Felipe of the balls
insults and attacks, let's go and say that
bored that I don't see
You look like Vegeta77 with that one.
camera below Hey then listen to me
I say something
I'll tell you something
I like him
I like the I like the I like this
take it too eh
I like this shot. Hey, let's see, it's that I
almost all the shots look good too
I tell you Alex the field outside his
direct is very quiet and then such
He sits with his fan Boy and they swallow everything
Good point
good point good point it doesn't seem like
the radio with that angle seems to me
wonderful this angle eh or it has
your touch
This angle has its touch
What happens is that I don't know why there is so much
difference between the clarity here with
this or so now I even see this
too dark man after seeing the
other
I can turn up the spotlights the spotlights the
I can go up here look here I have in the
computer the focus theme looks
clear, maybe with more light
but I see that with so much light I feel that a
little that cat guy
I don't know how you will see it like this, the light
see
It bothers you a little and everything I tell you
It is a fascist angle to praise his
figure to see but the light is a little annoying
eh So Hi Javi you have entertained me
many moments if you can ask you
I learned about The Vigilante who became of that man
character
absolutely
[Music]
Really Oh the light bothers me a little and
I keep seeing that it's not dark, huh?
hit the other I love you I love you Pro
and it is still not very clear
It's not the spotlights you'll have to adjust the
white balance of the new camera
Because it's very dark
Well, I'm going to lower the headlights, guys, I have myself.
over here glasses In fact yes yes it is very
dark eh we are dark Hey Many
Thanks for the super chat and my idea
I don't know, I don't know what happened to that man
Ugh, that man. Well, look, I don't know what
It happened but I'll tell you what would be happening
today that would surely be
charging would be charging a fortune in
YouTube at Juanjo's level or something like that
because he has the same type of content
and she was also one of the few
creators who made that content in
back then I actually think not
were at that time And if it was
down below I didn't know him in that and today he would be
charging a fortune
and he spoke very well sometimes And such
But he poisoned himself a lot and
became very obsessed with me and lost
all because of the obsession with me uncle I am
I don't know what I'm doing to her
real people
people are criticizing everyone
giving everyone I don't know what
but the moment I give it to one
It seems that I'm hitting the nail on the head, man.
that they become, look at you Diego
suburb what he did to me the other day
for a video I made exposing him
things he did to him that he did wrong
that it is a very serious, very big mistake
what Diego Rabal did
published my car's license plate by
all your social networks
What the [ __ ] are you doing?
what the [ __ ] are you doing
And look at that one that they have
mentioned lost the channels for
is banned from YouTube can't have
channels on YouTube I don't know if that
will have an expiration date
but attempts were made to create more other channels
and as he had it, they prohibited him from doing so.
YouTube entry
They closed the channels of things that
I dedicate myself to channels dedicated to me.
done already took there came a time when
that a separate channel was created just for
to answer me because he didn't want to
fill your channel with videos of him or her
The story is tremendous, I don't know if
There will be videos of that out there or whatever.
but that story was tremendous
second I watch a lot of videos of
gastronomy of people from Italy and part
in the [ __ ] dough and nobody cares
I [ __ ] understand the meme of the
Italians And such But what does not happen
absolutely nothing for splitting the pasta
I tell you so, I told Felipe, I say
I think we have fallen badly because
we make jokes like it's her
taken super bad or something like that
that he doesn't like you making jokes or something
So I don't know, that's the feeling I got
again I don't know him but neither
It's [ __ ] Chef Ramsey, come on, I don't know.
Relax No, and about the pizza, that's it.
split the pasta I tell you
It's done. Let's say you can see a lot.
of videos of Italian people breaking the
[ __ ] money and nothing happens but oh well yes
It's like his character doesn't. I mean his
character is like edge or something like that
but as we do not
I know his character is like edge like
if yours was to be nice
We're just joking and that's it, it doesn't matter.
So I think we had to
lose eh also or so yes it
We did quite badly but oh well. Oh sure.
that video is not because of you made of aluminum
without further ado
I can't stand us, I hate us, it doesn't matter
saying it publicly doesn't even bother me anymore
They can't steal from me anymore.
I can stand it, I hate Italian so much
like the other one is that I can't stand him, man.
They fall badly and I had to share the taxi
with the one back to the hotel And that is what
He was kicking the taxi, it's unbearable
Let's see, I don't like him very much either.
I've already made the cross, I didn't like it.
what they have done to him more like this really no
I have seen nothing more of them
apart from what I have told you
apart from what I have told you I have not seen
more of them about pizzas in their day
the tweet I told you about and so on but
With the rest I have made the curve to them
both
and I don't know the girl, eh, like me
I like the truth that I like things
What I've seen of her I like, I like her
super good
I often play a song they have
She was now going up with a singer, I don't know.
which is so catchy and I like it
I put it in the car many times but not
I know her more than four things but
I felt really bad about what they did to him.
made to Maxi
and I have already crossed both of them.
have seemed
two Luis endera
I thought they were two Luis Enderas
regrettable
nor does it look nice to share
So with Alex But why the [ __ ] does he have to
share taxi
I can't share you like that.
with no one If I don't like them or rather I
I'm going no no sorry I cut my ball
I'm going somewhere else
I had shared then with you
I'm trying to be funny and I don't have
grace even if they shoot me with a
gun but oh well
I am kind and I Share the taxi arrived
To the hotel it's good night See you later
I'm not talking about pine, I'm talking about the other one, I say that
I don't like him, but it's okay.
Nothing, I don't like many people.
you know totally understandable I'm not saying that
I have here
The one who did it there is not talking about you
I speak of the other
I say that I don't like him, go on, don't
I can't stand it either. So I don't care.
rewind come here I tell her that I don't
falls well I'm not talking about pine I'm talking about
another I say that I don't like him, go but
that nothing happens, I don't like him, I don't talk
I talk about the other good pine, many people
I mean, it's totally understandable. I'm not saying.
that I have
here
My keyboard just broke down because of that.
I didn't rewind coffee. A lot.
Thank you king
six months coffee
brutal brutal superchaque has given and a
Brutal Croft Super Chat
I think he has given all the Super chats
together of
all the time he's known me Not a little
I have to change the battery, it's like very
I still have to buy myself a burden
a few things the keyboard I have
a genius that we go a keyboard the most
basic of the world that I don't care about either
a lot but man since we are here we should
buy me a new keyboard
new speakers and headphones
new
but now yes, when I moved
That's why I say that I understand when the
People say I can't stand you, I say understandable
Wow, I understand a lot but I don't know what it is.
as if I was also very tired and
I was looking forward to being in the taxi there
trying to fall asleep and I kept going
talk and I shut up dude
It's a little weird that they give you two days and
then they put a two on you but it can also
that the plate does not remain the same for the 3
the battery is going to run out man I'm going to
change the battery Well, nothing to see is in
your right, the truth is I have nothing here
What to tell them The boss is right, I
I think what you touch in people is that
The truths in life are what matters most
the video that hurts you by far
He was masked and I laughed a lot.
By the way, the best thing about Alex El Capo is
that doesn't cut even half
I like I like that point then the
I never really agree with him.
I like Alex el campo but if he says
What you think Well I really like it
that point
Thank you very much and Yuna, very much
thanks what a super chat queen
You have made our night with a huge kiss
A huge kiss. Thank you so much for watching.
If you say things the way they think and it is not a
false I think it's fine, okay, I understand that
It's not going to be put there in the contest
Telling him right there in his [ __ ] face is fine.
I understand that as soon as I arrive
good luck okay cool no no good good good or
I have nothing to say to you if you feel like it
He doesn't like her and wants to be savannah.
Stream seems fine to me.
That seems fine to me
I have to change the battery, man, give me a
second
Give me a second, change the battery.
keyboard
I hope this is Javi, he heard a
fart XD a fart
a fart was heard with the microphone
silenced
So you have the Pawn the brain
[Laughs]
that Javi sings with Prache, you know the worst
The worst thing is that I have had the camera since
a year ago, stuck there in the drawer
I bought this camera before
the pandemic
and the same day they locked us up
We were locked up in the pandemic
March 13th, two days before
I bought a trip to Disney that I couldn't go to
go for the pandemic
Well, on March 13 of the pandemic, that is.
we are talking we are talking about
It's been almost two years or two years now
He carries the camera there, put it in the furniture
He's had the camera for two years and it has me
furniture
and he hasn't used it, dude. I'm an idiot and he
another day Well I decided
The other day as I am shopping as
I bought the whole new Setup, so I say
I'm going to buy the host adapted for you.
camera and put that look how good it looks
uncle
Look how good it looks, it would have been a long time ago.
year I have been using this camera
I'm an idiot, I'm the dumbest guy in
Internet
I literally am
Well, we're going to see a move and I think that
It is the penultimate extract of the night
because it just came to my head
that I have another one
I have two other short ones, okay?
I have two others and it turns out to be
Cardala is challenging him to fight but
I don't know if it's really serious or
It's just a threat, I don't understand.
Okay, but come on, the video, the video is already
strong eh give the review the garbage of
internet dude
[ __ ] I imagine they must have [ __ ] themselves
First of all, I'm going to clarify something.
the martial arts community that is
on all of YouTube that already know us
majority no
the entire community has never interfered
with Dalas neither what they talk about nor what
says neither of his thousands of topics that he claims
with other people
I even see people who are
subscribe to the Channel listen to me all family
the community we have messed with Dallas
well that
How can you speak the name of everyone?
the community
Speak for yourself, not the entire community.
Well, we don't know. No, maybe someone
with whom I don't talk to you about the whole thing
community no
I'm sure someone will have said something
because it gives the e The example
perfect never never in life I don't know
Who is this man but as you have already seen
I don't know why you are assuming
doctor
the gentleman did mock the arts
Chinese martial arts Dallas
the gentleman got involved in what we
we do what we kill ourselves for and
As you can see, I already made a video for him. I also
He tells the other little doctor that he is a friend of
He who also makes fun of the
fitness workouts and
training of the boy who is a
a lot of Kung Fu and they keep talking
that she is useless those
movements and that Kung Fu is of no use
guy knows everything guy knows everything
science medicine physics politics of the
war how is the report of a bomb
nuclear is a theologian who knows about education
family love relationships writes
books know how to make music
and sings he will discover immortality
I will be the person who manages to discover the
immortality
The guy knows about fitness and currently
He knows about martial arts. That's right, he knows everything.
That even if you don't believe it is clear
sitting in your chair watching the internet he
knows everything there are a million more things
Note that it has the ABC of the
manipulators lie more than they talk
dude has fought is that he has the ABC of
there are a million more things
What a montage made here as if Jordi
I would talk about Dallas, look, that's what it is
has the ABC of manipulators lies
more than this guy talks he has fought with
everyone says the supposed doctor who
He lied about being a doctor. Even a
Royal doctor denied it, so this is it
that there is more context maybe not
I know the context, no
It's another guy pretending to be trying to
become famous we passed on him then or
that
we passed on this turkey
Go to the Dallas video where there is a
Doctor, here comes the context, that is,
Dallas video featuring a doctor
This
but as I see now
How am I going to watch 40 minutes now? I don't
You can send a super chat to someone and
give me the context Dallas medical check
They call me in the early morning and say you
but what is that What has the dala done
Well, I haven't found out in fact.
what has the dala done
that he is here people flirt with him
There was a supposed doctor who denied
Dallas and the Doctor was fake
but what title should I give this because
there is too much to talk about
to discover in order to condense it all
In a single title everything starts with a
doctor on tiktok who supposedly
He has a clinic and starts attacking me
with fully informed information
unscientific and ends up being a guy
so so so extremely sick with
multiple personalities is an agent
Swatch Chinese teacher seller
Kung Fu expert wine researcher
The Paranormal anti-bullying expert
psychologist expert in love expert in
body language and more things don't you
you get an idea and you are the best of all
that for each and every one of its
profiles have a clothing and a background
different in which Record
You know the worst part about it?
was using your video against me
trying to tell me that I don't have any
idea what I was talking about and even
wish me to die not only me but
also the people who follow me very much
strong when I tell you the truth that the
Today's video is very loaded is that
It is very loaded and very strong and also
I'm quite pissed off, honestly.
It all started with a small suspicion and
It ended up being a conspiracy of
Dantesque size so really
Believe me, you want to stay in the video.
But before I begin I must say that
subscriptions are closed that have
arrived before exclusive Club do not you
You can subscribe to everything that matters
direct from tiktok that I have been verified
By the way, they have changed my name to
@dalas did a tiktok live and there was
quite a few people suddenly who are
some of them starting to insult me
to make fun of me by asking me if I had
drunk water today to tell me even no
drink more to see if I was going to get better
this life and I was very surprised No
I understood why everyone is
repeating the thing about water and something that
I had enough of the water thing, it sounds to me that
will go by when Dalas because I
I remember that phrase that Dala said that
Dallas once said it was a myth
of drinking 2 liters a day no
that Dalas once said was a myth
of drinking two liters of water a day
everyone drinks what they want and what they
being thirsty is not worth it
And what happens is that a lie or is it
truth confused and could not finish
understand why so much water remains
that a comment told me that a doctor
from tiktok had destroyed me by
complete because he had dismantled one of
my videos about water and I was like
videos about water if I've never
made any video about water so
I started investigating to see if it
I found it and finally I got it
find let's go first to the video and
then to the conspiracy and believe me that
the conspiracy is very strong, don't you
you get an idea this was the video with the
that I found myself And then here I found myself
realized that it wasn't really a
video of me talking about water but a
video talking about the thing he said
managers in their day that the water you
dehydrated which is absurd that
video It is very well done and all the
information that I say there is
completely true and real this guy
What it does is cut out the part that
interested in trying to pretend that I
He is denying when in reality he
is telling information completely
unscientific I will prove it to you
Here with the scientific paper, the guy
I can clearly imagine the haters, man.
There are people like people who hate
Dallas to me is like
They are looking forward to someone coming out
that denies us or says something bad to us
look look so dismantled you know although
be a phrase that he has said in a video
not a sentence said ordeal that water does not
I know what good he said to her if you don't
You agree, you think he's an [ __ ]
or do you think it doesn't say anything coherent?
Well, don't see it or a comment says it
But I'm sure that all the stone
of haters when they have met in the
The doctor's text has gone viral
base to share it everywhere look
a doctor a doctor a doctor has
denial to Dallas has destroyed him
as if everything was already there, like the doctor
Hi Javi, a guy in
tiktok made a video dismantling the
Dallas video from when Marina and said
that the water dehydrated and at the time of
disassembling it turned out to be a zocas with
several Mexican artist accounts
Marcial etcetera
A kiss is worth a big thank you and I'm sure that
They would say look look someone above a
Doctor, a doctor has come to dismantle
Dallas But if that's it, even if there is whatever there is
dismantled is a phrase is
The Dallas race is totally [ __ ] up.
Do you get me
in his life he has read and that was where
My first suspicion was born. But well,
conspiracy then the question is that
If you look at his whole set he is dressed
with the doctor's coat has as titles
As a doctor around here it seemed that he was a
real doctor no but let's hear what
It is what it says specifically because
truth is strong Yes or yes two liters of
water diaries made itself is a
stupidity magically stops the water all
We should drink two liters. What is the
scientific reality the reality is that
You should drink when you have today yes I will
to stop Ok there it goes let me settle
when we feel if you notice
This tone is quite similar to Aires de
superiority is going to be something that is going to happen
hold during the video and at the end of it
everything is much stronger, I warn you.
of this because later we will see the
comments left on the video
where they are literally wishing me the
death to me also to you from people
that as you know they are always trying
do whatever it takes to be able to diminish my
credibility because really the most
The most valuable thing I have is my word.
credibility And that's what always
This is the kind of scum that tries to throw
on the ground all the time That's how we're going to
listen to what says yes totally to
that even if it is a phrase from a video
but so that they say what they say
never worth it so that it is never worth it again and
I think the reality is that each one
sometimes we will be right and other times
no no That will be the reality nobody not even
100% always does it wrong nor 100%
always does it right I can't imagine that
It is totally false now it is teaching
tests when we feel being is
because we've been here for half an hour
dehydration to understand it easily
if you have a stranger and your own
son dying of being who
you would give up the last glass of water to your son
the body does the same this comparison
It doesn't make any sense, okay?
at a logical level without getting into the level
scientist it makes no sense that
is trying to compare the body with
the treatment of a family But let's continue
listening to the priority of the organs
more important the mouth actually goes to
be one of the last things to go
dry out what are you talking about from
when thirst occurs because the mouth is
This doesn't have any kind of dryness
In a sense, one can be thirsty without having the
dry mouth not at all, not the slightest bit
but we keep hearing that it gets worse
be the last reflection we will have
that we are dehydrated when there is
tissue activity nothing, that is, tissues
nothing works to do thermo transport
regulator to comply with a number of
ridiculous functions
understand But hear that it gets worse
we restrict water these
functions below the cells can
start to die or malfunction what
means the cells can start to
die, that is, he is telling you that he can
cells in the body begin to die
The moment you are thirsty this raises
a bigger dilemma and it is Then
when you have to drink when you don't have
Thirst has no meaning now
we will see the scientific papers
respect and all sources Is that this
at a logical level what it merely raises
It doesn't make any kind of sense or
It doesn't even specify which cells it says
cells can begin to die Which
those of your whole body because
literally the cells of your entire
body They use water in short it is called
listening we drink water every time we
We are thirsty, we are going to be, let's say, several
times a day 30 minutes killing our
own cells literally is what
He's saying the guy will have balls. Go on.
Let's see now, wait for the papers
Scientists I do not want to advance what it is
ridiculous stupidity of mine there to try
mock more listen more it's true no
They are two closed liters the measure
hydration standard we need
It is 25 milliliters per kilogram.
totally false okay There is no
standard mean There is no evidence that
This is a standard average for all
There are no studies on this subject
enough courage nor proof but now you
I will teach Listen now to the nonsense that
He says that we don't take all our hydration
from the water directly also a soup
It will be hydrating us however it is
important and the food itself
food has almost all water
Look, she has written there that you
I have said
clear
the fruit almost everything before that
let's drink pure water so that it is not a
thick broth as long as it needs to be
our hygiene body say it eh Lo
The only thing that is half true about this is
that the water which without passing through it
food you have to break down your
gastric juices are absorbed before
Well, what's up with this guy?
Scientific studies deny it
conspiracy
conclusions
revisiting Tito if you are new no
you can subscribe
Well, what's up with the guy who
In the end it was a piece of paper. So he's not a doctor.
nor anything And what does it have to do with this me
I was his friend
It's never my fault, nobody loves me.
I always listen to her when they criticize
ardala is like Yes everything is bad everything is
bad and nothing he is never to blame
Let's see little animals, let's see
little animals
If I make videos about my controversy and
about the fights I have with others
obviously
I am arguing with another person and
If I am arguing because I think
that I am the one who is right that
then you think it's bad it's dala
when Dalas fights with Greg or when
when he fights with Willy or when he will
fight with ex-girlfriend you may think
whatever he wants but he thinks that he
You are right, otherwise it would not make sense.
the discussion if I am arguing with
someone and I actually think that the
someone else is right, I don't argue
No
That is, the notes want Dallas to do
videos not proving himself right is
the stupidest thing in the world
It is the stupidest thing in the world that
criticism
everyone all channels
criticism when they are criticizing the
Others believe that they are the ones who
They are right and no one is bad
They are the myths This video is made in
based on myths and nonsense that
They reply to all the nonsense of the
YouTube sites
Now he goes with Pamela, now he is no longer
both martial arts but also
against against a woman
a woman who is fierce and then
Pamela Galos put a video that there
challenges them to a fight but they don't know why
challenged him to a fight Ahmela contacted
with the
They messaged each other on Instagram
And obviously Pamela too
She practices Kung Fu and is an MMA fighter.
Okay, this video, Pamela.
looking for fame we are interested in this no
I lower my teeth to give it to the
Hey, a little aggressive, right?
a little a little aggressive not friends How
They are good today we are going to make a video
short will be an answer to this
man to Dallas review He made a video
talking about martial arts which
He laughed a lot and made fun of him and I
as a Kung Fu practitioner for more than 20 years
years I disliked it quite a bit being a
person who does not practice or anything does not me
I liked that he laughed at the arts like that.
martial and say that it is nonsense
I would like you to prove it with facts or
whether it is a trifle as we speak by
Instagram
to accept my sporting event and
Well, show me what fit.
be Kung Fu as he says I'm going to let them
Shan Lara's video where he explains
Well, what happened to me more than anything
I'll give you a summary, the summary is that
Dallas proves with facts what he
says that martial arts are a
basically nonsense I hope it doesn't have
problem we were talking for a long time
while and he thinks it's a fetish for
I think that has nothing to do with it.
I invited him to a sports meeting
flirting either, so he doesn't know me much
I want to see that, the man investigated a little.
This one I don't need to invite someone to a
sports meeting to flirt I mean no
apart from him yes but no it is not my case Well
I would like Dallas to be at the meeting
and demonstrate that martial arts
They are a nonsense as he says and no
just be behind a keyboard
writing are people looking for fame
little yes I don't even know
let's see
professional
the people who do
each other
And on top of that, this guy has published the
conversations when he is not the
uncle participant in these crimes
and now you're going to see how
He answers that because he takes out the
sexuality of sex
you want to flirt with me
I want you to see my nude photos and touch yourself
Ah You want to fight me on YouTube
because he wants to be touching me in no way
moment Pamela mentions nothing about sex
no sex for everything takes out sex the
sex sex Pamela keeps saying I don't know about
what are you talking about I don't know what you are about
talking because you bring that up I'm not talking to you
Saying that I'm telling you we're going to
you and I fight
what you feel in other people or
take charge of what happens to you
I'm just looking for fame, but you know
that the worst
Of course, because I'm not going to use this extractor.
to upload this What is it
expresses in a way
educational
and you started to criticize influence type
that's what influenced you. You already
you forgot so don't come to me with
You better keep your mouths shut.
investigated Pamela Gald is always there
with your ass on the chair
But according to me Dallas did not put himself to
insulting martial arts only exposed
to someone who pretends to be one and
only that he was also a doctor, seer and a
countless things
Yes of course but these are people looking for
fame, that is, they are seen from a mile away
Look here, he's going to criticize something about the
book signing
we are going to see everything in life
coward, let's see, he wants to be criticized in
your life do not curse your life or not
throw everything of your life on the internet like that
We're waiting to see if you accept the fight.
or you say nothing and you stay silent like
all the coward that you are because leave me
tell you that that is being a coward
Of course, calling them cowards is what it's all about.
to sting him so that people go and if not
You accept the fight I don't know where because
These people are not from Spain, you know.
which is the worst part of this
I'm not going to raise the deal, it's already raised
here in the live and here Well in the
live is going to stay live no
I'm obviously not going to carry it either.
I have to do it but what happens
is that the other gossip channels
They're going to hype this up when they see it.
here
I should have checked it before
I should have checked out. You know.
because other gossip channels like
It is against Dala that they will give them the ball
and they are going to give you everything that they are
searching
They will give you everything you are looking for or
it will pick up any of the channels
These pitiful people are going to take Dalas
a super professional aunt shits in the
fight challenges him to a fight and Dallas is a
[ __ ] Because look how he has
answered because I don't know what Because I don't know
how much that is what they are going to do
many others have already reacted
churi many others have related to
this already
And what did they say?
Dallas said that Elma is better than El
Kung Fu to test your belian point
fight with a Pro in hand against Dallas
XD
on this topic too yes
and I wanted
in the secondary channel
Hello everyone, friends
when
the churro has risen nothing
the churro hasn't risen at all yet
will always speak, criticizing, and not paying attention
That is, he is looking for non-obvious fame. Ah
the battery is going to die right now
[Music]
It is already turning off, so we are left with nothing
the chamber below
Javi for being with little topics
important ones were missed this and this
that is important
I just regretted this topic
I was literally regretting it
give him attention because literally uncle
Hello everyone, I confess I have committed
and the other one, what did he put in?
inside some video no
I floor Watch the good videos of the ones
from nau when they are from chocas Dalas and such
sun if I see them all maybe I don't see
when are the tortillalandia themes
for example this thing about Willy and I Juan but
I haven't seen that
Well, this one in Dallas is going crazy.
and loses his mind it can be
the video is what video is Watch the one
nauper But what is nauter's video?
of the topic
It will be the best of another not of
some of these from the chocas or something by the
style no
that he will have said that they have challenged him
will have commented in a second no
Oh F and the big guy
nothing but I have regretted it
comment on it here live, man, because it is
that is noticeable Just like uncle Look you know what
come on man, it's already
This was going to sound very stupid, what I'm going to do
I know it's going to sound like a jerk but
listen to me because I've been carrying a lot
experience behind the back
did is a lie is not a lie they have not
commented on any of that
It's a lie, right?
Ah, in the last video of Nautter, that is.
in which he just uploaded now. Okay then.
So I haven't seen it yet. Of course.
that the and especially in the last year uncle
I already carry a few swords
things and experience and it is not going to happen
give nothing more to anyone here
That is to say, here we are going to talk about
YouTube channels because these are gossip
of youtubers no And if I have to comment
but from people like that from small channels
So they come out of nowhere looking for the
mouth piercing and such nor from other channels
that I have already given them many times
who look for my mouth so that I can give them
make video here in secondary AND
even though we are making them look ridiculous
In the end, we are giving them
visibility and gains nothing is given nothing
to no one, uncle, and to each one who wants it
Whoever wants to work, let him do it
that video that is put I don't know what it is
Put it, I don't know where it is anymore, Javi, don't go up
the extract Exact Exact the extract not
I'm going to upload it here live, man.
stays
channels like My Story with Dallas No
Look, a channel like this that
we just saw uncle
he is super shameless
who are looking for fame and in the end
They get uncle no matter how pathetic he is
It seems that in the end they get it because
We are here watching it and I am watching it
I really don't know who's right, I don't even know
not even what Dala has said about the MMA nor
of Kung Fu or I don't know what So no
I can put in the time, you're right, right?
You are right, I can read at most.
now the conversations and I can say
another for the ways of giving like this Or for the
way of giving to no for whatever we have
seen what happened with the doctor, for example, but
the same example that I have given you
position with the doctor
If now the gossip channels comment
This video that you are telling me that
They have done so, they have given a little gift to
These channels are worth a little gift.
Why, because you want that not everything that is
the audience of the pathetic channels
of the growing channels
from hater of Dallas no
they're going to say [ __ ] [ __ ] someone in
against Dallas and on top of that he wants it
paste What a great video and this video of
half an hour. This kid will believe it.
which is the video of his life because he has
put there a piece of a video of dala
from 2017 from another video from when the thing about not
I know what, like saying look look I am
I'm humiliating him, you know, and he's going to win.
fame
It's like the example I gave you of
Doctor, I'm sure that when it came out,
from the doctor
They have made the text viral and you have shared it with me
said there in the comments No what has
past telekinetics in 20,000
the doubter of the mockers responded to the
shock No that video because it was uploaded and I don't know
why but I doubt that I already mentioned it
I did half a year a year ago
That's what I deduced from the crash. I already mentioned it.
A year ago family looked for it on my channel
major
Yes, yes, it has been like yours with your uncle.
That one you crash into. No, but it is different.
Many things go viral instinctively
dude, the other day I got a text
of two and a half million visits is worth
It's the hate, it's the Hey Dallas has one
people who are sick
Look, if I were to come out tomorrow, what would I tell you?
I
I'm going to invent the most effective example
stupid possible but is it real or
be tomorrow comes out
a chef
from a restaurant
criticizing that the dollar once said
that butter cakes are not fattening
that only the butter ones are fattening
red
Okay, and a chef comes out making a tiktok and
On the way, he messes with the dala le
says yes that immortality that you are very
silly and has a bombus tone
unpleasant and cakes are fattening
Because look, it has matter h and matter of
vitamin 7
second a title would go viral
because they would say Oh finally Someone is looking
putting Dallas at last and it is also
a cook who understands a lot about cooking
an expert in something and Dallas is nothing
That would be it, uncle, and I won't give him anything else.
no one, uncle
I've seen them, haters of the usual ones.
that have the dead channels in plan
super super well done videos since
when I answered them for the best
They reached 10,000 and 15,000 visits and
now that you're ignoring them
two thousand visits
and they start looking for the mouth, I don't care
you can say whatever you want
when you say something that goes too far
line point complaint comes to you as a surprise
in private it is not made public or anything
See you later, but I won't give you any more.
fame I don't know and it's not that I'm the one here
blond not in the plan that he is here of
I have not given much fame, but I have done it
gift uncle or literally for
example Juanjo and Juanjo and I
This past year we have had more than one
position in the position it has on YouTube
and Dallas and I have also given away
some other channel and a position in
YouTube is a job in
YouTube is a lot of work.
people like me the chur the nuter
a lot
we have achieved where we are
within the gossip within the
categories that we have based on the
years and many years and many
experiences and a lot of fights a lot for
up much down that each one
of which we are you may like a lot
Some of you may like it more, others less.
But well, the three of us have been together for many years
The three of us who have been here for a while are me and
car and in the gossip
We are the three that we have always been
and nothing is given away anymore
nothing, I don't comment on anything, not a cameo or a
reference or react to a video of
a new channel that appears no
But if you are jealous of the chur because
You say that the one who is heaven is friends
disappeared if I had followed you
It would also be one of the ancient ones
I envy the south, I envy the south
you have really put it to appear
nonsense I wish the Shure and it was the
churro all my life a thousand times better than
I
No, don't start naming names, I'm not saying it.
for no one in particular, or rather I say it
because why do people like this appear and
when they see that it is our fault, mine
especially mine because I am the one who most
The South has done it, for example, in Auten
The same idiot doesn't do it like I do
when they see that you respond and
when they see that if you make a roof for yourself
you react here I don't know what because
On the contrary, what you get is more because
They are people who want to know in the end
the south has the public respect of
the big ones and that pisses you off
Here comes that because you are putting
things against the south uncle how bad
you are
How bad you are that answering you
you would be throwing [ __ ] at the south and not doing it
I'm going to do it because the truth is you are a
[ __ ] [ __ ] shitty [ __ ]
But why are you so sick?
As with the Latin American issue
for example for example family that
The bad thing about churros is that no one
also reaching height on the contrary if
I'm mentioning it okay
The South has the respect of the great and
that pisses you off
I'm not going to mess with the South.
Of course, answering him would be best.
to belittle and I'm not going to do it and it's
a person without
Chuba does his thing and we like it
just like how we like to see Javi clear or
why do you have to bring Chucho in?
here in the middle
width in this channel You want it and you
respects him
How do we know it's not the crash it's the
who has put that no but look at the
that you have seen during the night of the
of fools who appear here
No, they are not trolls, they really think like that.
They really think like that
and we already started with can they grabbed onto
a burning nail Yes
what was it that a girl came out
who asked Dallas to debate And well, now
With the can thing they betray him and I
Well, if the turkey has given that opinion and not
I agree because I do not agree
I agree to dislike the video for something else. No
It's not like
I, I, have the theory that I have
when these kinds of things come out like
of the doctor and this of Kung Fu and so on the
I support not them but theirs
They seek fame but those who support
But those who support and those who do
viral this kind of titos and things touch you
block people there are a lot of haters
posing as a follower
No, I don't block anyone.
At this moment you know why Because
Then it turns out that we caught him with it
time and it turns out to be a Eugenio and not
we have the comments
Do you get me
What I said family
my theory of these people who want
who support this type of randoms
It's because they want to
take away Dallas' credibility by
example if they are taking it away from you
They betray either in the Kung Fu or in the
water
taking away credibility in that type
of nonsense
it's like that
in some way they take away the
credibility in everything therefore Dalas
He would also be a pedophile abuser and
all this kind of things no
we are all chocks until until
don't show the opposite Well here in
Twitter here on Twitter you can be banned
I don't know what good I don't know I don't handle your
family but I don't care or so yes
the comments are not to be seen
for me the comments
It's not that they are humorous, it's that they are
ridiculous
The accounts inspector came to see
Young people show me your license that you do not
are the shock or will be asked to leave
remove the String face smiling with
eyes closed
because nobody talks about Turbo Plan anymore
Well, I don't know, I had plans the other day.
I saw a video and said
It's that I'm not going to put it, it's that I don't
I'm going to throw [ __ ] at a colleague
but it was like he started saying that the
Dallas had thrown [ __ ] at Juan and
who was looking for Juan's mouth
I don't remember what he said that I said
my mother and it was like you that I
I want a lot of water, eh, I promise you and I
Juan likes her very much but Juan likes her
I'm looking for Dalas's mouth, no, that's me.
the only one who sees things this way Not from the
which as far as I can see, no
Turbo plan was set to Yes yes it was How did it
a video of what happened in Dallas with Juan
guarnizo and said yes yes it is that Dallas
above that Juan answers him because he
It says I don't remember, they are not the words
literal but it was something like that
Dallas was looking to provoke Juan to
look for his mouth and it was like but if it is
the one who started messing with him
I like him a lot. So do I.
I have a lot of appreciation
But to be honest, it wasn't Juan who
began
No, but Juan always speaks in a way
affectionate Well but it was Juan who
He started by saying that Dallas didn't
It would occur to him to tell Chose to get involved
with shocks when he made the video of
It was Juan who started it late
Juan threw the stone and when he saw that it hit the
rationing was scared in the video he released
from it he took a clip of One Yes yes but that
It was later
I don't remember but there were two or three
things that I said my mother but in
family we to ours we to
ours Chiqui you are obsessed with
you crash envy to see what you put Chiqui
I think you're the one who crashes
But let's see, man, that's what I'm telling you.
in the end we have our [ __ ] thing
commenting on the gossip to our [ __ ]
ball and passing that's the attitude
that's going to be the attitude
There's more Chema, there are two little things
little ones uncle but I don't know if I should take it out or
leave it for tomorrow to click uncle for
I'm going to take it to teles mode to SEO
leave tomorrow I'm asking you How
goes with the video for the main channel
Javier, the people who hate you are very real.
It's because he has a status to maintain
It's not real and he won't dare to
to have a debate with you, I identify with you
keep it up and keep it up cat face
smiling
today has donated today for all the years that
you've been seeing me, what a mother of mine
kiss and a big thank you, sweetheart
tremendous and a real one. Many
thank you
Aiden, put it in front of me if you want.
You were going to send something, but in the end I didn't.
They have sent it that they were canceling
Marta Daz but let's see we've already had a few
how many topics no
your own followers are more of a fan of the
you crash that from you how that feels more
as long as they feed me, son
They can be fans of even those I am one of
dirty if you want
as if they want to be a fan of Guido but
If you come here to leave the visit and come
the ads and so on
as if he wants to be your [ __ ] mother's friend
You just need to mess with Paule. Let's see.
I don't know
Someone told me that he is going to send me
don't stay in the chock
I am an army, I had the video
We already uploaded the main video and we
we would go to sleep
and one that sends Javi to Andorra, well
Much help is needed, much help is needed
today also precisely today also
They actually gave me a super chat of
100 euros in the
not a superchat I don't know I don't remember it is
the lordship
today has been a great day then
I like this shot Javi Yes yes I do
Here too he returns to the subject to see
Okay Aiden, let's see what you want us to see.
of the crashes Then he doesn't want us
let's go
Frank, what a changing camera image.
Frank Yes but this is not the image Yes
change of camera but this is the one
whenever I've put it down there now
but this is the same as always, you are lost
the new guy you see it in the video
Well, look, I'll give you a piece.
so you can see what the new camera is like
Let's go new Noah I mean I've had it for two
years but I had never put it on
I promise you that I will try to be in
this is the most the most
I have to be as objective as possible
adjust it and also we are going to talk about a
gossip
what has happened between two people who
I have to adjust it, man, they are not my
favorite streamers okay
What did you miss? I forgot to comment that
Well Once they met in the
tweet Drive This year whenever you want
look at the bad vibes they have
I didn't put that in
it looks very dark it looks very dark it looks
very dark it looks very dark it's true
the quality is noticeable
the quality is noticeable but it looks very
dark
Alande says it's the white balance.
find out how the hell I play that
find out how the hell I play that, I balance
of whites
Open ISO
Well, tomorrow is when it arrives for me. Tomorrow will arrive for me.
the power cable so that it does not have
to charge the camera's battery and
Today we have been testing it but with
battery Then it has turned off on us
lasted eh it has lasted at least two
battery hours
The battery lasts a couple of hours
gone a while ago
It's the ISO, we'll test it tomorrow. Then
he's cured he's cured yes
It's cool, let's see if he can send me some air.
of the crash uncle we see it or what
I love your tattoo, this week I got it tattooed
again on Tuesday but I don't know what I don't know
what or where well where not the arms
we have to finish filling the arms
before summer but I don't even know what I
I'm going to do it neither when nor when not
on Tuesday but I don't know what or what
exactly or anything, let's see, I'm going to see
Let's see what happened to me, Aiden.
is the ISO white balance is
perfect
Okay, so tomorrow we play the ISO.
Tomorrow we play the ISO
doing
the opportunity thing but this is not it
Well, let's see
Good What's up family Welcome to the
that you are arriving now we are going to
comment one last thing
Brandon Reyes Thank you very much, let's go
comment
a little sauce of chocas but I'm watching
that you have sent me this
The girl who tattoos you is very talented
Shepherdess, if you want to follow her, it's fine.
Instagram pastorita you are incredible
tattoos are amazing it turns out that
This is from the other day, dude, I mean.
This is from the same day you are asking
the apologies
This is from the same day that he is asking for the
sorry, what happens is that for some reason
reason you are asking me to come back
see this because apparently after
criticizing gossip channels is seen
who said something else no
is that not what I moved Ah he
moved the other camera
I was just moving this around a little bit.
to put it here Hey, well this is it
I'm going to leave the camera down there, man.
I'm going to leave this camera down there, eh? No.
it's bad it's not bad
Maybe we can leave this camera
by the time I react things don't
family
Hey, do you think I left this camera here?
to react to things and then
in it is already in the Jack chatn we have
the other
no That is yes or no
yes no and so we vary a little not in plan
when I stand here
when I get here we have the other one
and down here
we have this
and so there is a bit of variety or what?
so we have the two families, I don't know anymore
I'll try it tomorrow we'll try it When
whether you have the cable or not
well configured because of course there is
much difference between the lighting of
one and of the other there will be a little left
weird but if we manage to fix that
that it be seen in the same light as this
What is that thing about the ceiling, the good chroma?
see what's happening here with the shock you have me
seen someone insulting for 25 minutes
person have you seen me expose some
Twitter [ __ ] have you seen such a No
I haven't done it, I'm already changing but
what some of you are asking me
randoms from me
LoL program Thank you very much
Welcome, or rather, he just said that
He has been going 20 minutes without bothering me
nobody and says no no it's not that I'm already
changing I am already changing because
He's been live for 25 minutes without getting involved.
with no one
[ __ ] is that I stopped putting it in its place
some fool who passes by here doesn't
make mistakes that will never change that
I've been doing it since I was 100
alive and I'm never going to change it, don't you
you are wrong, you are not wrong
you So what is going to happen?
change exactly or because it ends
You have made me say that I am already changing
seen me get into these 20 minutes with
someone literally just arrived already
I'm changing and I'm still doing it for 30 minutes
then he says I'm going to keep enjoying myself and
putting in their place all those who
If they come to touch my balls, I'm not going to
change then what we are left with very
michu
What are we left with then, do you think that my
change was to be an era that I am now
Ebay
There will be a lot of people and I will have
a humor more for all audiences and
I'm going to be very good to everyone, no
If you want to see him there, you see him, I don't.
I'm eBay, that's what it is, don't ask me to
be like your favorite streamers if
you want to see them see them what
Do you want me to tell you that you are
counting, that is, I'm not going to go with the
I'm always going to do it, [ __ ].
I'm never going to change it. I mean, don't you
You are wrong. And I have said it many times.
times throughout studying
is that he follows him, he will follow him
seeming he believes in his mentality he
believes that
Mothers and insults do not stay
what he says to his followers and so on
He thinks that this is putting the
people
That's not putting people in their place.
put on your date people is when you
You give a little explanation with good
arguments
you know people like me every time
who does that, they look completely ridiculous
he
for me personally
It doesn't work, it can't be tabulated
You have to take out the mouse
already enough someday you crash eat
Homemade food is always eating
dirty things I never catch him eating something
more normal I don't know man the truth
I don't know, many have already put one on it
sauce that I have not ordered there no longer
I have been an uncle, the truth is
They have the wrong burrito They have me
sent a donkey that was not the one I
I asked
He sent me a donkey
unity because you said that to those who still
They doubted you, we will tell you the opportunity
to show that I could be better That was
the reason for my comment because I said it
That's why I regret how I interpreted my comment.
It's because I have commented on that
I don't remember having mentioned it but yes
I have commented it, I have made a mistake
I don't remember having commented
But maybe I have
commented if there is one
commented then I was wrong but
I have never asked anyone, I don't believe
having said that maybe I'm wrong
I may be wrong because I speak
many hours a day but I don't remember
having said that, what I do remember
having said is that
I would like people to know all about it
people who see me all the people who
interact with me on social media or
especially to the people who decide to see me
on Twitch live that they would come back for
to see if there really was a change
over time but not to give me a
second chance because I don't want to
no one's second chance, not even once
third nor a fifteenth but by the
the mere fact of having one's own criteria and
not loving each other Nor all the pantomime
what's on the internet about me but I
I don't remember saying anything about
opportunities were not about that and in case of
that I have said that it may be that I have
wrong in the term because it is not
a second chance what there would be
here or what is here is
simply people who have criteria and
people who don't have it there are people who go to
decide just go this guy has it
[ __ ] has made a [ __ ] [ __ ] has been done
messing with my favorite streamer with no
I know who's a son of a [ __ ], don't come back
I respect it here, there is no one
problem
and then there will be other people who say
Well, let's see, this guy has screwed up a lot.
Sometimes I really didn't like his attitude
I didn't like it, that's why if you don't like me
attitude is not better than not coming back
because it's not going to change but it's true
that there is an attitude that is wrong
which is to denigrate the people so much is
that then denigrate the people so much
But then it is not clear or so
He's saying that he's not going to change, that he's going to
to remain the same
and now here he just said Okay I'm going to
change it from denigrating people so much
but a minute ago we just heard
that I was saying that this is going to continue
doing it
you are understanding something of what
is saying because then I don't
I understand what the change is going to be and what
is what he learned
Of course, you're not leaving just the multi-accounts.
I laugh in advance before I say it
I was going to say it exactly the same
same then the only thing that is going to change
It's just that you're not going to have multiple accounts anymore.
the only thing that
something will change but not the only thing
What is going to change literally is that
you will not have multiple accounts no
Javi the video that you were listening to was loud.
voice already because
I think this microphone has to be done tomorrow.
configure it better I think still
I have not configured it well to have a
a little patience to polish the
new set is worth having a little bit of
patience
He says one thing then contradicts himself. Let's see.
I don't understand it I don't understand it you know what
man, I'm going to teach you in this one
I tried something
But of course, for that I would need to know
where they sent it to me I know they sent it to me
sent but I don't know where but I'll see
if it has been in the
group of kids who I think so
Damn, I have more Chema, I'm in the group
youth
I have more topics in the group of
uncle's kids
I have more topics, man.
where did they tell me, uncle?
where they told me uncle they had told me
told one thing Oh okay Yes maybe
It was by email no
I know who you are and I don't know how old you were.
Uncle I have not kept him in capture nor
nothing, they don't save it, screenshot it or anything, dude
and now I don't know where it was
I don't know if these people have passed it on to me
the group Los Chicos que va uncle
it was a tweet
I don't know where uncle is now I don't know where
It's there now but they sent me a tweet today
That's why I would like to read you the literal meaning.
literal with the exact words uncle
but I don't see it in my email I don't see it in
the group of kids
It was a tweet if you find it
send it to me and I'll comment on it tomorrow, okay.
a tweet in which the editor of chocas
the editor is not shocked by the words
literal okay but it was something like that it was a
tunnel that the editor of the choca said that
It literally says I have the power to
take down the gossip channels right now
whatever I want
not that some people believe that by putting
edited clips or with filters I don't know what not
I know how much I can't throw at him
It's like what the [ __ ] are you talking about and why
what are you thinking about that or what
what the [ __ ] are you talking about and why are you
thinking about that
Who thinks he owns YouTube?
First of all it already explains it a lot
times the fair use Ah is that the use
legitimate does not exist in Spain in Spain
There is what the Giralda and the tortilla de
potato and whatever comes out of your mouth
balls worth it
If you want to go to court and that's it
want to debate that I would not do it Yes
Someone throws me the channel, do you dare to?
throw a video and I come up with something
problem in my channel Because some
mongol or some idiot gives it to him
take down a video because it burns or
bite whatever
I think it's great but I
would claim until the last
consequences of course No but I don't know
It's about what he's already explained many times.
it is not about
Here in Spain it is not about whether it exists
or Facebook does not exist
These are YouTube's terms
and who creates a YouTube account
without reading the terms is your [ __ ]
problem
it's their [ __ ] problem
you can take content from others
transform it and turn it into a video
of criticism in a reaction video you
You can do it if they put a stranger in you
Well then you appeal it. That's what you can do.
do it you can get a strike yourself
you appeal I don't know that I don't know how much but you
you can get into trouble like this with
one with a big head with a stubborn one like one
I know you can get into trouble
Javi raises his voice I can't raise my voice
so much pe dude What happens what happens
I don't know how to put this in stereo now.
we're going to touch it up a bit
in a video of inflammation
Masao, you've been asking all night.
What you ask is really nonsense
It is not valid in an informational video
you can't score a strike either
in an informational video You have to
go and you go to court and you sue
you are not a judge
You go to the court and sue him.
as the people who have sued do
sometimes there are none on YouTube
many people who have sued should not
demand that I don't know what And there are people who
wins trials and there are people who
lose and have to keep the videos
there
Man, they're messing with something.
Look what I saw the other day
one day I was going to throw the video at that guy
a turkey that your children made for me were some
sons of [ __ ] sons of [ __ ] no
I know you remember that video, I don't know if
I mentioned it here live or in one of
the main videos
If I find that guy, I'm going to
file a complaint that freaks out and the guy has
deleted the video I don't know if it's that
You may have seen that I mention it somewhere.
side
something very serious that you have to sue
you have to report it okay
okay but but
you how is it that I don't even understand
the meaning of that tweet
I don't even understand the
sense of posting that tweet
Because he puts that tweet I can throw them away
gossip channels Yes yes of course
the crash hasn't resonated with anything I don't know
I ask family that I don't see the
content of the chocas I don't know if it only eats
and that video game or has also
reacted to things not
the crash has not reacted video
the crash has not reacted video no
never react to videos and things like that
reacts to many things
no gossip has not reacted to several
things yes but usually no no
yes he reacts like no but to what
kind of things
but let's go to whatever and if not
reacts because it doesn't react but I
Yes, I can ration, but I have the other one.
the motorcycle whoever wants it
for those who are grabbing the subject
Staff 6 can be seen in their videos
criticism
but I didn't even understand
I don't think there is one
Oh no no no it just turned orange on me
Yuna's donation of
before I don't know why
and I say I hope not
Watch curiosities with Mike
He's throwing hints at you in his
direct yes you have sent it to me
Whenever you want to debate, you can debate.
but it's going to get attention as it is
The editor's question is, what's that for?
comment and why and besides it is not like that
You can get into a big problem. I mean
If you decide to throw away a channel because it
You are angry at the moment and you can't stand it
criticism and I can find you a problem
the me that the Mai threw the channel There
almost lost it
But look at the comment, man, that I
I have been left to say that and this comes here
and this because
people uncle
Poor thing, it's almost over, uncle, can we?
do one thing while
success is ending we can make a
stuff
can
If you want to play a game, something seems
Do you think we should play a game?
I have installed GTA but GTA now
same to see wait a moment to see
how it runs
we put the GTA to the editor of the best
Chokes It wasn't an editor and it's the chocas
who edits his own videos in
the two hours of life he has left
we put
GTA let's see how it works on the computer
just to try it out
the time has already arrived
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
The GTA Dead Race has arrived
It's asking me for my Rockstar account.
The one from ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta has arrived
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
Play kit video
Let's try this out a little while
written
will GTA run well here or what?
Damn, wait, I've got it going
the Play no
dude what the [ __ ] my remote doesn't work
not even on the PC right now is it working for me
responding on the PC or the Play
to see the beach turned off
[ __ ] I don't like it dude Why
Because
Javi changes the category on Twitch no
there is no moderator who does it or what
Damn man, I'm not going to take the remote.
because
why not take command, man?
you have to set it up first
and how do I set it up
and how do I do it
by cable
a program for PS4 a program
Since when, let's see
But I did try Fortnite the other day.
I think it was
sure uncle
[Music]
restart the game
I'm not going to play keyboard for [ __ ]
I'm not going to play with Tecla
The one from ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta has arrived
ta ta ta ta ta
[Music]
I'm on PC
The fun is to test the PC
What computer do you have now? I don't know.
but it's a helicopter
because with a keyboard no no
with keyboard no
no
no man no
Now yes Now yes Now yes
on-line
I mean this would have to be spectacular
Now God has configured it, you just see it.
races with auronplay
I would like I would like a play now
that I will play a career with him
Good night girls
let's see loading online Javi go to
brothel welcome
Okay
Where have they taken me there are races or
What Set graphics to Ultra and 4k
take the side of La Unin
because
Ah, I have to create a character.
that I have to create a character
It looks like bullying, right?
The family looks average
my mother
you have to touch the graphics of the games
Well, my father is bald
slash
in front of me one day was
So
eyes
nose
So
lip
so jaw
So
In addition
That is, there is the video of the main channel
uncle
but that's the face, man
That's the face I have to have
it would be a bit like that, wouldn't it?
I missed 10 minutes of the live stream that is
passing here you are going to play in London eye
If you plan to play races with
Aura Niko is required on PS5 PD
It's not that important but I sent a
test email editor you will have had
opportunity to see it
the one that he likes
misaligned skin spot that stains
what a stain
Ah look pimple buildup
granite
door irritation rash chin two
faces
fever
measles pimple spot
shin
wrinkle
tanned type of leather
sunburn alcoholic bruise
pale
so moles and freckles
polka dot color
So
It's nothing, the eye color is Emerald blue
light dark brown
eye makeup
hedonist
Okay
outfit
I don't like the bodies of GTA guys.
uncle
You think you're looking at a suit jacket
Diego, how good it looks on a man
a suit jacket and with this great body
of body
I don't even know what to wear, honestly.
This guy is going to turn you on, man.
this is more normal
This is Flama
no no no leave me
with glasses
T-shirt either
statistic that is resistance
name
let's see name
the name is going to be
Paco the puny
Paco
the puny Paco the puny
Paco the puny
Eugenio Lulo would have been a good name.
also
I'm going to throw in a quick thing
Yes, I skip the tutorial, one quick thing.
man because I already have the hit video is
more than anything to see how the
game is worth it tomorrow we will test if it is a
bit
Paco the puny
Paco the puny, hey, watch out.
watch out watch out for Paco
keep an eye on Paco
you have to touch the game graphics
Let's see, we'll have to touch everything there is still
to polish here fabric Upload the graphics see
to the brothel but wait, we'll see
the graphics to see
Let's see, we have to upload the graphics, right?
[Music]
and what goes up uncle if everything is very high Very
high Very high by four
by eight
very high Very high
intensity focus of movement I don't know
what it is
I don't know what it is
I have no [ __ ] idea
It's all very high, man.
everything is very high
look at you
everything is perfect, right?
They are all at their maximum, not that they can be, not
I can, I don't know anyone
I don't know anyone
Well
Here's Paco the puny. Hey, could we?
we could we could get attached to
Paco, hey family, I'm serious.
This is the maximum graph that can be
can
This is the maximum of the graph, I don't see it.
I still but because it goes up This is
the maximum graphic should be 4k but
because Javi gets into the car if he sees you
pixelated test change direct And that
like that where you change
I don't see this as the maximum, eh?
It's going well, it's not lagging, we're in
We are directly online
that was the sign
[Music]
We are live and we are in a GTA
on-line
Okay
What I think should be improved
graphics
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know the controls
It goes up the ass, listen to me
Oh, be careful, go play five, it gives me
I want to play with my monitor, I don't know what it is
but the facts are at their best
possible
let's see family
for now it's a good sign
I have everything set to maximum which
within the game
[Music]
I'm going to look for people inside
we have the game at its maximum
[Music]
What you're telling me is that it's not going to work
how it has to go
It seems that they are not going to 1080
oh really
I just don't know what it would be like
Yes it is true it is enough
Yes it is true, the doll is not fine.
graphics no no also
[Applause]
Let's see, but man, what's happening to me?
surprising is that I don't know which one
absolutely nothing
she has absolutely nothing left
it goes super smoothly
and then that can be done
take me again and make me do it again
the controls are fine but this would be
to install Maybe a dire or something
not about that
Sorry friend
[Applause]
[Music]
good good good good
it's going well
You're so bad. Let's see, guys, I haven't
I've had a GTA for 28 years now, I think.
that the last time I played was when
He stopped it, but what's that?
what's that
But why
there is because there is a spaceship there
Javi tries the other live shows even
going down going down
sure
reboot
[Music]
this
But what is that of a ship?
[Music]
for
and nobody stops to tell me how I am
Nobody stops to tell me how the ship is
Katy's
Good family
this
it's not going as it should
It doesn't work as it should, it needs to be installed
something not
you have to install the drivers, I don't know what
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't have a bullet, well anyway
I have the video from the main channel
family I'm going to upload the video of the Channel
main so
We'll try it better tomorrow.
Tomorrow we'll try it tomorrow, I'd better go
to upload the video to the main channel
Okay
I'm going to upload the main channel, see you.
see you
[Music]